>BK063715|IGHV(II)-101*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|808572..809245|674 nt|1| | | | |674+0=674| | |
  atgtgggcgacccccactgccagtgattgctgcttaggtataattgtgagttcagaatta
ggacaccgtttaggtgatcacatcccaatcctattcagaaaattatccttagcatagaca
gagatatttcaatacccattctcctaacataaggttctctcttttacttggttgcaagat
ttcagggaaaaggcgactatatatttgtgggaatctaacctcagaatctactgcattgct
ctagcagaatcaaaaattgaacgccagtgagctctttattctcattaaaatgtgtctttg
gaaatgttaacattttgtccagattctgtgctcacaagcaacgatgtttcttagtgcact
gttggcctggtggaggcctggcagaccctctccctcacctgtgctgtctctggattttcc
atcataaccagtgcgtcctgctggagctggatccatgagtccacatgggcgggactggag
tgaatcaggtgcacacatcatgaagggagaaaaaattctcacccactccttatgaatcca
gtcaccatctccaaatttgggtccaaaaagcacttgtttttacagctgagctatgtgagc
aacaagcacacaaccacgtatttttaaggaaaagacagagtgaggggaccacagtgtgag
ctcacagccaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV(II)-101*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|55070..55743|674 nt|1| | | | |674+0=674| |rev-compl|
  atgtgggcgacccccactgccagtgattgctgctcaggtataattgtgagttcagaatta
ggacaccgtttaggtgatcacatcccaatcctattcagaaaattatccttagcatagaca
gagatatttcaatacccatgctactaacataaggttctctcttttacttggttgcaagat
ttcggggaaaaggcgactatatatttgtgggaatctaacctcagaatctactgccttgct
ctagcagaataaaaaattgaacgccagtgagctctttattctcattaaaatgtgtctttg
gaaatgttaacattttgtccagattctgtgctcacaagcaacgatgtttcttagtgcact
gttggcctggtggaggcctcgcagaccctctccctcacctgtgctgtctctggattttcc
atcataaccagtgcgtcctgctggagctggatccaggagtccacatgggagggactggag
tgaatcaggtgcacaggtcatgaagggagaaaaaattcccacccactccttatgaatcca
gtcaccatctccaaatttgggtccaaaaagcccttgtttttacagctgaactatgtgagc
aacaagcacacaaccacgtatttttaaggaaaagacagagtgagggcaccacagtgtgag
ctcacagccaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV(II)-55*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|607759..608433|675 nt|1| | | | |675+0=675| | |
  atgtaagtgacctccaatgcctgtgattgctgctcaggtctaattgtgggttcagaatta
ggacaccctttatatgatcccatctgaatcctaatcttaaaatcacaattatcatggaca
gagatagttcagtgcccattctcctgacatcagtttctctttattgtagggttccaagta
tggagaaaatgtgacaatatatttgtgtgaatctaacatcacaatccactgcattactct
aggaaacacaaaaattgaacacaagtaagctcttcattctcataaaaatgtgtgtatttt
gggaatttcaatgtgttatccagaacctgtacatgcaaacaactgtgtttctcagtgcag
gcttagcctggtgaagctctcacagaccctctccatcacctgtgctgtctctggattctc
catcataaatagtgcttcctgctggagctggatccatcagccccccgtgggaggtactgg
agtggatcaggtgcataggttgtgaagggagcacgcattacccccctctcctcaagagtc
cagtcaccaaccccagatccatatccataaattagttcttccaacagctgagctacgtga
gcagcaagcacatagccgtgcatttttaagacaagacacagtgagggaacaactgtgtga
gctcacacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-111*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|753453..753928|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactccgaggtccagctggtacagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggggcctccgtgaaaatctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccgactacta
cctgcactgggtgcgacaggctcctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggacgtgttgatcc
tgaagatggtgaagcaatacacgcacagaagttccaggacagagtcaccatcaccaggga
cacgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcaacagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>NW_001149633|IGHV1-111*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|11913..12388|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactctgaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggggcctccgtgaaaatctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccgactacta
cctgcactgggtgcgacaggctcctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggacgtgttgatcc
tgaagatggtgaagcaatacacgcacagaagttccaggacagagtcaccatcaccgcgga
cacgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcaacagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV1-111*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|110357..110832|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggctcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cgtctccacaggcgcccactccgaggtccagctggtacagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggggcctccgtgaaaatctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccgactacta
cctgcactgggtgcgacaggctcctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggacgtgttgatcc
tgaagatggtgaagcagactacgcacagaagttccaggacagagtcaccatcaccaggga
cacgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcaacagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>MT542446|IGHV1-111*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|248..723|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactccgaggtccagctggtacagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggggcctccgtgaaaatctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccgactacta
cctgcactgggtgcgacaggctcctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggacgtgttgatcc
tgaagatggtgaagcagactacgcacagaagttccaggacagagtcaccatcaccgcgga
cacgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccat
gtattactgtgcaacagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-113*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|743530..744003|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  atgggctggacctggaggatcatcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctcccaagt
cccagtgatgagaaggggattgagtccagttctgaaagatcttatccactactgtatcct
ccccacaggtgcccactctcaggcccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaagcc
tctgtcctcaatgaagatctccttcaaggcttctggatacaccttcacctacaactttat
acattgggtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtggatgggatggatgaacactgg
caatggtaacacaaaatatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccataaccagggacac
gtccatgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgta
ttactgcgcaagagacacagtgggaacacccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV1-113*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|216886..217359|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  atgggctggacctggaggatcatcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctcccaagt
cccagtgatgagaaggggattgagtccagtcctgaaagatcttatccactactgtatcct
ccccacaggtgcccactctcaggcccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaggaagcc
tctgtcctcagtgaagatctccttcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccaacaacttcat
gcactgggtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtggatgggatggatgaacactgg
caatggtaacacaaaatatgcacagaagttccatggcagagtcaccataaccagggacac
gtccatgagcacagcctacatggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgta
ttactgcgcaagagacacagtgggaacacccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-113*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|786587..787060|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  atgggctggacctggaggatcatcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctcccaagt
cccagtgatgagaaggggattgagtccagtcctgaaagatcttatccactactgtatcct
ccccacaggtgcccactctcaggcccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaggaagcc
tctgtcctcaatgaagatctccttcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccaacaacttcat
gcactgggtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtggatgggatggatgaacactgg
caatggtaacacaaaatatgcacagaagttccatggcagagtcaccataaccagggacac
gtccatgagcacagcctacacggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgta
ttactgcgcaagagacacagtgggaacacccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV1-113*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|120266..120739|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggatcatcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctcccaagt
cccagtgatgagaaggggattgagtccagttctgaaagatctcatccactactgtatcct
ccccacaggtgcccactctcaggcccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaagcc
tctgtcctcaatgaagatctccttcaaggcttctggatacaccttcacctacaactttat
acattgggtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtggatgggatggatgaacactgg
caatggtaacacaaaatatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccataaccagggacac
gtccatgagcacagtctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgta
ttactgtgcaagagacacagtgggaacacccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-121*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|682080..682516|437 nt|1| | | | |437+0=437| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctgtttttggtggcagcaactacaggcaaatgactaccc
attcccagggatgaggaggggactcttttcagtcaaaaagaatttcatccactcttgtgt
cttctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcactctggggctgaggtgaggaa
gtctggggcctcagtgaaagtctcctgcaatttttctggtccaccatcacctgctacact
gggtgcaacagtcccctggacaagggcttgtgtggatgggacggatcaaccctagcaatg
ataacacaagctatgcccagatgtttcagggcagactcaccttggccagggacacctcca
cgaatacagcctacgcggagctgagcagcttgagatctgaagacatggccatgtattacc
gcacaagacgcacagtg
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-121*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|713927..714387|461 nt|1| | | | |461+0=461|partial in 3'| |
atggactggacctggaggatcctgtttttggtggcagcaactacaggcaaatgactaccc
attcccagggatgaggaggggactcttttcagtcaaaaagaatttcatccactcctgtgt
cttctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggttcactctggggctgaggtgaggaa
gtctggggcctcagtgaatatctcctgcaatttttctggtccaccatcacctgccacact
gggtgcaacagtcccctgaacaagggcttgtttggatgggacggatcaaccctagcaatg
ataatacaagctgtgcccagatgtttcagggcagactcaccttggccagggacacctcca
cgaatacagcctacgtggagctgagcagcttgagatctgaagacatggccatgtattacc
gcacaagatgcacagtgtgaaaacccacagcctgagagagt
>BK063715|IGHV1-126*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|650806..651279|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
atggactggacttggaggatcctcttcctggtggcagcagcgacaggtgagaggctgcca
agtcccagtgatgaggacgggattgagtgcagtcaggggggctctcatccactcctgtgt
cctccccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggggaagaa
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacacctttactagctctgc
tatgcagtgggtgcgacagacccctggacaaggacttgagtgatgggatgggtctgcctt
ggaaatggtaacacaaactatgtgcagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatcaccagggac
gtgtcaacgaacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcaagacacaatgtgagaacccatatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-130*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|629798..630276|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctccca
catcccagtaatgagaaggggattgagtccagtcaagggggctttcatccactcctgcat
cctccccacaggtgcccaggcccaggtgcagcaggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagca
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacacctttactagctctgt
tatgcagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggccttcagtagataggacggatctgccc
ttacaatggtaacacgaagtatgcacagaacttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccacgga
cacgtccacgagcacagcctgcatggagctgagcagactgagatctgaggacacggtcgt
gtattactgtgcgaaagacacacagtgtgaaaacccatatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV1-130*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|101448..101923|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctccca
catcccagtaatgagaaggggattgagtccagtcaagggggctttcatccactcctgtgt
cctccccacaggtgcccacacccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagca
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaaggcttctgcaaggcttactagctctgttat
gcagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggccttcagtagataggacggatctgccctta
caatggtaacacgaagtatgcacagaacttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccacggacac
gtccacgagcacagcctgcatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacagccgtgta
ttactgtacaagagacacacagtgtgaaaacccatatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-130*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|659605..660080|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctccca
catcccagtaatgagaaggggattgagtccagtcaagggggctttcatccactcctgtgt
cctccccacaggtgcccacacccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagca
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaaggcttctgcaaggcttactagctctgttat
gcagtgggtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggccttcagtagataggacggatctgccctta
caatggtaacacgaagtatgcacagaacttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccacggacac
gtccacgagcacagcctgcatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacagccgtgta
ttactgtacaagagacacacagtgtgaaaacccatatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV1-130*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|255934..256402|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469| |rev-compl|
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctctggtggcagcagccacaggtaaggggctccaca
tcccagtaatgagaagggatgagtccagtcaagggggctttcatccactcctgtatcctc
cccacaggtgcccacacccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagcagcct
gggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctgcaaccttactagctctgttatgcagt
gggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggccttcagtaggataggacggatctgccctacaatg
gtaacacgaagtatgcacagaacttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccacggacacgtcca
cgagcacagcctgcatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgtattact
gtcagagacacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-138*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|580796..581271|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccggtcaaatgagatctcatacactcctgtgt
actctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggatcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacatcttcactgactacta
catgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagaaatcaaccc
aaaaactggtggcacaaactatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccacgaccagaga
cacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgagagagacacagtgtgaaaactacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-138*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|396517..396992|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggacctggaggctcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccggtcaaatgagatctcatacactcctgtgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtacagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggatcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcactgactacta
catgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagaaatcaaccc
aaaaactggtggcacaaactatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgacgaccagaga
cacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgagagagacacagtgtgaaaactacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>MT542431|IGHV1-138*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|173..648|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccggtcaaatgagatctcatacactcctgtgt
cctctccataggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtacagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggatcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcactgactacta
catgcagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggacgaatcaaccc
aaaaactggtggcacagactacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccagaga
cacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcaacagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>MT542434|IGHV1-138*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|162..637|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggacatggaggctcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccggtcaaatgagatctcatacactactgtgt
actctccacaggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggatcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcactgactacta
tatgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagaaatcaaccc
aaaaactggtggcacaaactatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccagaga
cacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagaatgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-150*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|498065..498542|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atggactggatttggaggatccgcttcttggtgggagcagtgggactagggtaaggggct
ccctagtcccagtgatgaggaggggattgagtccagtcaagggggcttttatcaactcct
gtatcctccccacaagtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtcaggggctgaggtgg
agaagcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaaggcttccggatacatcttcaccaact
actttatgcaatgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtaatgggatgggtcta
ccttggaaatggtaacacaaactatgtgcagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccag
ggacgtgtcaacgaacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacatggc
tgtgtattactgtgcaagacacagtgtgagaacccatatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>DQ437851|IGHV1-150*02|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atggactggatttggaggatccgcttcttggtgggagcagtgggactagggtaaggggct
ccctagtcccagtgatgaggaggggattgagtccagtcaagggggcttttatcaactcct
gtatcctccccacaagtacccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtcaggggctgaggtgg
agaagcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaaggcttccggatacatcttcgccaact
actttatgcagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtaatgggatgggtcta
ccttggaaatggtaacacaaactatgtgcagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccag
ggacgtgtcaacgaacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacatggc
tgtgtattactgtgcaagacacagtgtgagaacccatatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-151*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|487717..488193|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
atggacttgacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcctggtttagttaaagagggttttattcactcctgtg
tcctctacgcaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcagcatctatg
ccatcagttgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagggatcatcc
ctcttgttggtataacaaactacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>DQ437775|IGHV1-151*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..477|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
atggacttgacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcctggtttagttaaagagggttttattcactcctgtg
tcctctacgcaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaagcttctggatacactttcagcatctatg
ccatcagctgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagggatcatcc
ctcttgttggtataacaaactacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgcgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>MT542359|IGHV1-151*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|527..995|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
  atggacttgacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcctggtttagttaaagagggttttattcactcctgtg
tcctctacgcaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcttctggattcaccttcagcatctatg
ccatcagttgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagagatcatcc
ctcttgttggtataacaaactacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgt
>BK063715|IGHV1-156*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|459995..460470|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactctgaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaagtgaagaa
gcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggtttccggatacaccttcaccgaattatc
catgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggaggtgttgatcc
tgtatatggtgaaataatacacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccgagga
cacgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-156D*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|342559..343032|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccaggacccagttccactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgtcc
tctccacaggcgcccactctgaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaagc
ctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggtttccggatacaccttcaccgaattatcca
tgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggaggtgttgatcctg
tatatggtgaaataatacacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccgaggaca
cgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-156D*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1372828..1373303|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
ggttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactctgaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaagtgaagaa
gcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggtttccggatacaccttcaccgaattatc
catgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggaggtgttgatcc
tgtatatggtgaaataatacacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccgagga
cacgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-180*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|217196..217671|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggacttgacctggaagatcctcctcttggtgacagcagccacaggtaaggggtcccca
ggtctcattcttgagaagcgaattgagtccagtcaaggggacgttcatccactcctgtct
tctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgagattaagca
gcctggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcttctggatataccttcactagctacta
catgcactgggtgagacaggcccctggacaaggccttgagtggataggactgatctcccc
ttacaatggtaacaaaggctacgcacagaacttccagggcagagtcaccataactacgga
cacgtccacgagcacaggctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacagccgt
gtattactgtacgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-197*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|43083..43560|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggattttggaggatcctcttcctggtggcagcagcgacaggtgagaggctgcc
aagtcccagtgatgaggacgggattgagtgcagtcaagagggctctcatccactcctgtg
ttgtctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggggtaga
agcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacatctttactagctctg
ctatgtagtgggtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggccttgagtggataggagtgatcatca
ttggcaatggtaacacaggctatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccattaccaggg
acacgtccatgagcacagcctacgtggagctgagcagcctgagatccgaggacatggccg
tgtattactgtgcggcagacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgggagtgtcagaaacc
>DQ437781|IGHV1-197*03|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggattttggaggatcctcttcctggtggcagcagcgacaggtgagaggctgcc
aagtcccagtgatgaggacgggattgagtgcagtcaagagggctctcatccactcctgtg
ttgtctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggggaaga
agcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacatctttactagctctg
ctatgtagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggccttgagtggataggagtgatcatca
ttggcaatggtaacacaggctatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccattaccaggg
acacgtccatgagcacagcctacatagagctgagcagcctgagatccgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcagcagacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgggagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-198*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|33474..33950|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcccggtttagttaaagaggattttattcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggcggccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtttcctgcaaggcttctggattcacctttggcagctatg
ctatcagctgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagtgatcatcc
ctcttgttggtgtaacaaactacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV1-198*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|439192..439669|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcccggtttagttaaagaggattttattcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtttcctgcaaggcttctggattcaccttcggcagctatg
ctatcagctgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagtgatcatcc
ctcttgttggtataacaaactacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>DQ437773|IGHV1-198*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcccggtttagttaaagaggattttattcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtttcctgcaaggcttctggattcaccttcggcagctatg
ctatcaactgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagtgatcatcc
ctcttgttggtataacaaactacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>MT542361|IGHV1-198*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|520..989|470 nt|1| | | | |470+0=470|partial in 3'| |
atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcccggtttagttaaagaggattttattcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggtgccaagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtttcctgcaaggcttctggattcaccttcggcagctatg
ctatcagctgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagggatcgtcc
ctcttgttggtgtaacaaactacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgt
>MT542363|IGHV1-198*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|526..994|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcccggtttagttaaagaggattttgttcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggtgccaagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtttcctgcaaggcttctggattcaccttcggcagctatg
ctatcagctgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagtgatcatcc
ctcttgttggtgtaacaaactacgcagagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaggcacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgt
>BK063715|IGHV1-200*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|14671..15148|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggaggattctcttccttgtggcagcagctacaggtaagcagcttcct
agccttaacactgtggaaggaatcctggttcagtcaaagaggattttactcactcctgtg
tcctctccataggcgcccagtctcaggtccagctggtgcaatccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcttccggttatacctttaccagctact
atataaactgggtgagacaggcccctggacaaggacttgactggatgggatggattaacc
ctagcaatggtaatacaggctacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccaggg
acacgtccacgagtacagcctacatggagctgaacagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcaagaggcacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>DQ437774|IGHV1-200*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttccttgtggcagcagctacaggtaagcagcttcct
agccttaacactgtggaaggaatcctggttcagtcaaagaggattttactcactcctgtg
tcctctccataggtgcccagtctcaggtccagctggtgcaatccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcttccggttatacttttaccagctaca
gtataaactgggtgagacaggcccctggacaaggacttgagtggatgggatggattaacc
ctagcaatggtaatacaggctacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccaggg
acacgtccacgagtacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcaagaggcacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-69*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1066753..1067230|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagtagccacaggtaaggggggctcc
caggtcccagtgatgagaaggggattgagtccagtcaagggggctttatccactcctgtg
tcccctccacaggtgcccactccgagatgcagctggtgcagtctgaggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaagatttcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcacttaccgct
acttgcactggttgcgacagacccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatcacac
cttacaatggtaacaccaactatgcacaaaagttccaggacagagccaccattaccagag
acaggtctatgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggctg
tgtattactgtgcaagatacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagaccgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-70*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1062650..1063126|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggacctggatggtcttctgcttgctggcagtagctccaggtaaaggatcaact
agttccagggctgaggaggggatttttttccagtttaggggactgtcattctctactgtg
tcctctccgcaggggcccactcccaggagcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaagcttctggatacattttcaccagttatg
ttatcagctggctgcgacaggcccctggacaagggtttgagtggatgggaggaatccacc
ctggttatggtagcacaagctacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acatgtccacgagcacagtctacatggagctgagcagtctgagatctgaggacatggccg
tgtattactgtgcagcagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-70*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1075709..1076185|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggacctggatggtcttctgcttgctggcagtagctccaggtaaaggatcaact
agttccagggctgaggaggggatttttttccagtttaggggactgtcattctctactgtg
tcctctccgcaggggcccactcccatgagcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaagcttctggatacattttcaccagttatg
ttatcagctggctgcgacaggcccctggacaagggtttgagtggatgggaggaatccacc
ctggttatggtagcacaagctacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acatgtccacgagcacagtctacatggagctgagcagtctgagatctgaggacatggccg
tgtattactgtgcagcagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01000824|IGHV1-70*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|153780..154256|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggacctggatggtcttctgcttgctggcagtagctccaggtaaaggatcaact
agttccagggctgaggaggggatttttttccagtttaggggactgtcattctctactgtg
tcctctccgcaggggcccactcccaggagcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaagcttctggatacattttcaccagttatg
ttatcagctggctgcaacaggcccctggacaagggtttgagtggatgggaggaatccacc
ctggttatggtagcacaagctacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattaccgcgg
acatgtccacgagcacagtctacatggagctgagcagtctgagatctgaggacatggccg
tgtattactgtgcagcagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctcagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-75*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1021915..1022360|446 nt|1| | | | |446+0=446| | |
  atggactgggccgggaggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacagct
attccctgggatgacagaggtactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctgt
gttctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgaggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gcatacactgggcacgacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaagtttaaggacagactcactgtgaccaggg
gcacgtccaagagcgtagcctacacagagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacatggccg
tgtattactctgcacgacacacagtg
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-75*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1034297..1034775|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
  atggactgggccgggaggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacagct
attccctgggatgacagaggtactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctgt
gttctctccacagatgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgaggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatgatcacaagctaca
gcatacactgggcacgacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaagtttaagggcagactcactgtgaccaggg
gcacgtccaagagcgtagcctacacagagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacatggccg
tgtattactctgcacgacacacagtgtgaaaacccacagactgagagagtctgagggcc
>BK063715|IGHV1-85*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|931164..931601|438 nt|1| | | | |438+0=438| | |
  atggactgggccaggaggatcgtttttctggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaaggaacacc
tattccccgggatgagagggaaactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattgtatccactcttctg
tgtcctctccacaggtgcccattcccaggtgcagctggtgcaatctgaggctgaggtgag
gaagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctac
agtacacactgggcacaacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatcggatggaacaac
cctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacacagaccagggacactatgaccagggacacgtcc
aagagcacagcctacacagagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggctgtgtattac
tgtgcacgacacacagtg
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-85*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|986339..986808|470 nt|1| | | | |470+0=470| | |
  atggactgggccaggaggatcgtttttctggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacacct
attccccgggatgagagggaaactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattgtatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacaggtgcccattcccaggtgcagctggtgcaatctgaggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gtacacattgggcacaacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatcggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacacagaccagggacactatgaccagggacacgtcca
agagcacagcctacatggagttgagcggcctgagatctgaggacacggctgtgtattact
ctgcacgacacacagtgtggaaacccacaacctgagagagtctgagggcc
>BK063715|IGHV1-89*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|907350..907826|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggatttggaggatcctcttcctggtggcagcagcgacaggtaagaggctgcca
agtcccagtgatgaggacgggattgagtgcagtcaggggggctctcatccactcctgtgt
tgtctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggggaagaa
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacacctttactagctctgc
tatgtagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggccttgagtggataggagtgatcatcat
tggcaatggtaacacaggctatgcacagatgttccagggcagagtcaccattaccaggga
cacgtccatgagcacagcctacgtggagctgagcagcctgagatccgaggacaaggcctt
gtattactgtgcggcagacacagtgtgagaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-89*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|962271..962747|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggatttggaggatcctcttcctggtggcagcagcgacaggtaagaggctgcca
agtcccagtgatgaggacgggattgagtgcagtcaggggggctctcatccactcctgtgt
tgtctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgacgggaagaa
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacacctttactagctctgc
tatgtagtgagtgcgacaggcccttggacaaggccttgagtggataggagtgatcatcat
tggcaatggtaacacaggctatgcacagatgttccagggcagagtcaccattaccaggga
cacgtccatgagcacagcctacgtggagctgagcagcctgagatccgaggacatggccgt
gtattactgtgcggcagacacagtgtgaaaactcacatcctgggagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01000856|IGHV1-89*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|156223..156699|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| |rev-compl|
  atggactggatttggaggatcctcttcctggtggcagcagcgacaggtaagaggctgcca
agtcccagtgatgaggacgggattgagtgcagtcaggggggctctcatccactcctgtgt
tgtctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggggaagaa
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacacctttactagctctgc
tatgtagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaaggccttgagtggataggagtgatcatcat
tggcaatggtaacacaggctatgcacagatgttccagggcagagtcaccattaccaggga
cacgtccatgagcacagcctacgtggagctgagcagcctgagatccgaggacacggcctt
gtattactgtgcggcagacacagtgtgagaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV1-90*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|898213..898694|482 nt|1| | | | |482+0=482| | |
  atggactggacccggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctaaggaagggatcctggtttagttaaagagggttttattcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agccgggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcgagcttctagatacaccttcagcagc
aatgctatcagttgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagggatc
gtccctcttgttggtgtaacaaactatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattact
gtggacacatccacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacg
gccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaa
cc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-90*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|953142..953623|482 nt|1| | | | |482+0=482| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctaaggaagggatcctggtttagttaaagagggttttattcactcctgtg
tcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agccgggggcctcagtgaagctctcctgcaaggcgagcttctagatacaccttcatcagc
gatgctatcagttgggtgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggagggatc
gtccctcttgttggtgtaacaaactatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcacgattact
gtggacacatccacgagcacagcctacctggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacg
gccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaa
cc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1-91*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|937891..938369|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
  atggactgggccggggggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactgcaggtaaaggaacacct
attccctgggatgagaggggaactcttttcagtcaaaaagacttgtatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacaggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggcttaggtgagg
aagcgtgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gtatacactgggcgccacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaact
ctagcaatggtaatagagtctacaagcagaagtttaagggcagactcactatgaccaggg
acacgtccaggagctcagcctacacagagttgagcagcctgagatctgaagacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcacgacacacagtgtggaaacccacagcctgagagagtctgagggcc
>SBKD01000856|IGHV1-91*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|180360..180828|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469| |rev-compl|
  atggactgggccgggggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactgcaggtaaaggaacaccta
ttccctgggatgagaggggaactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattgtatccactcttctgtg
tcctctccacaggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggcttaggtgagga
agcgtgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctacag
tatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaactc
tagcaatggtaatagagtctacaagcagaagtttaagggcagactcactatgaccaggga
cacgtccaggagctcagcctacacagagttgagcagcctgagatctgaagacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcacgacacacagtgtggaaacccacagcctgagagagt
>NW_001122023|IGHV1S12*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|528567..529046|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atggactgggctgggaggatcggttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaaggaacacc
tattccctgggatgagaggggaacacttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctg
tgtcctctccacagctgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgag
gaagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctac
agtatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaac
cctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaaatttaagggcacactcaatatgaccagg
gacacgtccaagagcacagcctacgcggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggcc
gtgtattactgtgcacgacacacagtgtggaaacccacagcctgagagagtctgagagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S12*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1519242..1519721|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atggactgggctgggaggatcggttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaaggaacacc
tattcccttggatgagaggggaacacttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctg
tgtcctctccacagctgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgag
gaagcctgggcctcggtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctac
agtatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaaggacttaagtggatgggatggaacaac
cctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaaatttaagggcacactcaatatgaccagg
gacacgtccaagagcacagcctacgcggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggcc
gtgtattactctgcacgacacacagtgtggaaacccacagcctgagagagtctgagggcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S16*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1499670..1500148|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
  atggactgggccaggaggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacatct
attccctgggatgagaggggaactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacagctgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcggtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gtatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaaggacttaagtggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaagtttaagggcagactcactgtgaccaggg
acacgtccaagagcacagcctacacggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactctgcacaacatacagtgtggaaacccacagcctgagagagtctgagggcc
>DQ437785|IGHV1S16*02|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactgggccaggaggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacatct
attccctgggatgagaggggaactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacagctgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcggtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaacctaca
gtatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaaggacttaagaggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaagtttaagggcagactcactgtgaccaggg
acacgtccaagagcacagcctacacggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactctgcacaacatacagtgtggaaacccacaggctgagagagtctgagggc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S17*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|377232..377699|468 nt|1| | | | |468+0=468|partial in 3'| |
atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaacagtatcctt
agttccagggctgaggaggggactggctactgtcaagggaaatctcattcactcctgtgt
cgtcttcatcggcgcccagtcccaggtaaagctggtgctgtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggatcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctagatacaactttgttagctctgc
tatgcagtgtgtgtgacaggcccctggacaaggccttgagtagataggatggatcattgt
tgacaatggtaacaccaactacacacagcagttccagggcagagacaccctgaccaggaa
catgtccataagcacagcctacatcgtgctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacagccgt
gtgttactgtgtggcagacacatagtgtgaaaactcacatcctgagaa
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S18*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|309579..310054|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atggactggatatggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggttcggccaagtgagatctcatacactcctgtgt
cctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtatcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcactgattacta
catgcactgggtgcaacaggcccctggacaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatcaaccc
ttacaatggcaacacaaagtatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccagaga
cacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S19*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|245310..245779|470 nt|1| | | | |470+0=470|partial in 3'| |
  atggactggtccgggaggatcgttttttgggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacacct
attccctgggatgacagaggtactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgaggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gcatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaagtttaaggacagactcactgtgaccaggg
gcacgtccaagagcatagcctacacagagctgagcagcctgaaatctgaggacatggccg
tgtattactctgcacgacacacagtgtgaaaacccacagcctgagagagt
>NW_001122023|IGHV1S2*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|38459..38934|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggatatggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggttcggccaagtgagatctcatacactcctgtgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtatcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcactgactacta
catgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctcgacaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatcaaccc
ttacaatggcaacacaaagtatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccagaga
cacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01011377|IGHV1S2*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|29442..29899|458 nt|1| | | | |458+0=458| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagccacaggtaagggtccccat
cccagtatgagaggggactgagtccatagggactttcatccactcctggtcctcccacag
ggcccaccccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaagcctgggtcctca
gtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttctactactacatgttcactgggtgc
gacaggcccctgacaaggcttgagtggatgggagggatcacccttacaatggtaacacaa
gtatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccaggacactccacgagcacagcct
acatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacc
acagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S20*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|221534..222011|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctctttgtggtggcagcagctacaggtaaggggcttcct
agtcccaaagctgaggaagggatcccggtttagttaaagagggttttgttcactcgtgtg
tcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccggggctgaggtgaaga
agcctgggtcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacacctttactagctctg
ctatgcagtgggtgcgacaggcccctggacgagggcttgagtggataggagtgatcatca
ttggcaatggtaacacaaactacgcacagaagttccagggtcgagtcaccattaccaggg
acacgtccacgagcacaggctacatggagctgagcagcctgaggtccgaggacatggccg
tgtattactgtgcggcagacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgggagtgtcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S21*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|153910..154379|470 nt|1| | | | |470+0=470|partial in 3'| |
atggactgggccgggaggatcgtttttttggtggcagcaactacaggtaaaggaacatct
attccctgggatgagaggggaactcttttcagtcaaaaagaattttatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtgcagctgatgcagtctggggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gtatacactgggcgcgacaggcccctggacaaggacttaagtggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaacagagtctacacgcagaagtttaagggcagactcactgtgaccaggg
acacgtccaagagcacagcctacacggagttgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactctgcacaacacacagtgtagaaacccacagcctgagagagt
>IMGT000099|IGHV1S22*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|173582..174051|470 nt|1| | | | |470+0=470|partial in 3'| |
  atgtactgggtagggaagatcgtttttttggtggcagcaacaataggtaaaggaacacct
attccctgagatgagaggggaactcttttcactcaaaaggaattttatccactcttctgt
gtcctctccacaggtgcccagtcccaggtgcagctgatgcagtctggggctgaggtgagg
aagcctgggcctcagtgaaagtctcctgtaatttttctgggttcatcatcacaagctaca
gtacacactgtgtgcgacagacccctgaacaagggcttaagtggatgggatggaacaacc
ctagcaatggtaatagagtctacacgcagaagtttaagggcagactcactgtgaccaggg
acacgtccaagagcacagcgtatacggaactgagcagtctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattgctctgcacgacacaaagtgtggaaacccacagcctgagagagt
>DQ437780|IGHV1S23*01|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..477|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactccgaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggggcctcagtgaaaatctcctgcaaggcttccggatacaccttcaccgaattatc
catgcactgggtgcgacaggcccctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggaggtgatcaacc
cttacaatggcaacacaaagtatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccagag
acacatcgacgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>MT542447|IGHV1S27*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|164..639|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggctcctcctcttggtggcagcagctacaggtaagagaatcctc
agttccagggctgatgaggggactgggtccagtgaagtggtgtctcattcactcctctgt
cctctccacaggcgcccactctgaggtccagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagaa
gcctggggccaccgtgaaaatctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcaccgaccacta
cctgaactgggtgcgacaggctcctggaaaagggcttgagtggatgggaggtgttgatcc
tgaagatggtgaagcagactacgcacagaagttccaggacagagtcaccatcaccgcgga
catgtctacagacacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcaagagacacagtgtgaaaaccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV1S3*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|84883..85357|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  agggactggacctggaggatccattttggcggcagcaactacagataaaggaccaccttg
tcccaggaatgaggagggaactctttttagtcaaaaataatttcacccactgctgtgtcc
tctccacagcggtccactcccaggtccagctggtgcagtccgggattgaagtgagaaagc
ctgaggcctcagtgaaggtttcctacaaggcttccggatacaccttcaccagctacaata
ttcactgggtgtgacaggctcctggacaagggcttgactagatgggagggatctaccctt
gcaatggtaacacaggctatgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccaaggaca
tgtccatgagcacagcctacatggagctgagcagcctgagatctgaggacacggctgtgt
attactgtgtgagacacacagtgtgacaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaagc
>NW_001122023|IGHV1S9*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|420561..421037|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atggactggacctggaggattctcttccttgtggcagcagctacaggtaagcagcttcct
agccttaacactgtggaaggaatcctggttcagtcaaagaggattttactcactcctgtg
tcctctccataggcgcccagtctcaggtccagctggtgcagtcctgggctgacgcgcaca
cccctggggcctcagtgaagctctcatacaaggcttctggttacacctttaccagctact
atataaactgggtgagacaggcccctgaacaagtgcttgactggatgggatggattaacc
ctagcaatggtaatacaggctacgcacagaagttccagggcagagtcaccatgaccaggg
acacgtccacaagcacagcctacatggagctgaacagcctgagatctgaggacacggcgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgtgaaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV2-10*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|ORF|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1446954..1447436|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccttcatgtgagtgctgtgat
cagggactcactcagggataaaacatctgttctctcctttgtgggcttcatcttcttctg
ctttctccacaggggtcttctcccaggtcaccttgaaggagtctgatcctgcgctagtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcacttctg
gaatgggtgtggacgggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggagtggcttgcacgca
ttgattgggatgatgataaatactacagcccatcgctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaagaaccaggttgtccttacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggagaccacagagacacagctcagggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>IMGT000099|IGHV2-10*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1898434..1898916|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccttcatgtgagtgctgtgat
cagggactcactcagggataaaacatctgttctctcctttgtgggcttcatcttcttctg
ctttctccacaggggtcttctcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctagtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcacttctg
gaatgcgtgtgagctggatccgtcagcccccaggaaaggccctggagtggcttgcacgca
ttgattgggatgatgataaatactacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaagaaccaggttgtccttacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggagaccacagagacacagctcagggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>DQ437791|IGHV2-10*03|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..484|484 nt|1| | | | |484+0=484| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccttcatgtgagtgctgtgat
cagggactcactcagggataaaacatctgttctctcctttgtgggcttcatcttcttctg
ctttctccacaggggtcttctcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctagtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcacttctg
gaatgcgtgtgagctggatccgtcagcccccaggaaaggccctggagtggcttgcacgca
ttgattgggatgatgataaatactatagcacatctctgaagagcagactcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaagaaccaggttgtccttacaatgaccaaccatggaccctgtggacaca
gccacatattactgtgcacggggagcacagagacacagcccagggcacctcctgtacaag
aacc
>BK063715|IGHV2-152*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|478396..478878|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtcaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctcgtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcaccactagtg
gaatgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggagtggctggcactca
tttattgggatgatgataagcgctacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctatggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggggagcacagagacacagcccagggcacctcctgtacaaga
acc
>BK063715|IGHV2-161*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|368643..369122|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttctgctt
tctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtgaaac
ccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcaatcagcactactggaa
cgggtgtgagctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagcattt
attgggatgatgataaatactacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctccaagg
acacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacagcca
catattactgtgcacggggagcacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaagaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV2-161*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1391063..1391542|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttctgctt
tctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtgaaac
ccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcactagtggta
tgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagcattt
attgggatgatgataaatactacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctccaagg
acacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacagcca
catattactgtgcacgggtaccacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaagaacc
>DQ437790|IGHV2-161*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..483|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttcttctg
ctttctccacagggctcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcaacactagtg
gtatgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagca
tttattgggatgatgataaatactacagcacatcgctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggggagcacagagacacagcccagggcacctcctgtacaaga
acc
>BK063715|IGHV2-174*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|251308..251790|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgcacttttctttgtgggcttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtcaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcaccactagtg
gtatgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggagtggctggcactca
tttattgggatgatgataagcgctacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaagaaccaggttgtccttacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggggagcacagagacacagcccagggcacctcctgtacaaga
acc
>NW_001121240|IGHV2-174*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|53824..54306|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| |rev-compl|
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccatcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgcacttttctttgtgggtttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcactagtg
gtatgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagccctcacggaagaccctggagtggcttgcacaca
tttattgggatgatgataagcgctacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctatggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggagaccacagagacacagtcccgggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>MT542371|IGHV2-174*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|355..837|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgcacttttctttgtgggtttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcactagtg
gtatgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagccctcacggaagaccctggagtggcttgcacaca
tttattgggatgatgataagcgctacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctgacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggagaccacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>IMGT000099|IGHV2-5-1*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1948963..1949445|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgcttttctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
cagggactccttcaggggtgaaacatctgttctttcctttatgggcttcatctttttatg
ctttccccacaggggttttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgttggtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcacttctg
gaacgggtgtgagctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggagtggctggcacgca
ttgattgggataatgataaatactacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aagacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaataaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacggagaccacagagacacagcccagggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>BK063715|IGHV2-95*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|835569..836051|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctacacactcctgctactgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
tggggatgacttcagaagggaaacatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtcaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctcgtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcaatcagcactactg
gaacaggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagca
tttattggaatgatagtaaatactacagcacatcgctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacgggtaccacagagacacagcccagggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV2-95*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|28386..28867|482 nt|1| | | | |482+0=482| |rev-compl|
  atggacacgctttgctacacactcctgctactgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
tggggacgacttcagaagggaaacatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacagggtcttgtcccaggtcaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctcgtgaa
acccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcaatcagcactactgg
aacaggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagcat
ttattggaatgatagtaaatactacagcacatcgctgaagagcaggctcaccatctccaa
ggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctgacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacagc
cacatattactgtgcacgggtaccacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaagaa
cc
>MT542353|IGHV2-95*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|365..847|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctacacactcctgctactgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
tggggacgacttcagaagggaaacatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtcaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctcgtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcaatcagcactactg
gaacaggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagca
tttattggaatgatagtaaatactacagcacatcgctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
cggacacctccaagaaccaggtggttctgacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacgggtaccacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>MT542368|IGHV2-95*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|358..840|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
  atggacacgctttgctacacactcctgctactgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
tggggacgacttcagaagggaaacatctgctcttttctttgtgggtttcatcttcttatg
ctttctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtga
aacccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcaatcagcacttctg
gaacaggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagca
tttattggaatgatagtaaatactacagcacatcgctgaagagcaggctcaccatctcca
aggacacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaataaccaacatggaccctgtggacacag
ccacatattactgtgcacgggtaccacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaaga
acc
>NW_001122023|IGHV2S1*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|55553..56032|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atggacacgctttgctccacgctcctgctgctgaccgtcccgtcctgtgagtgctgtggt
caagcactacttcaggggtgaaatatctgctcttttctttgtgggcttcatcttctgctt
tctccacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgaccttgaaggagtctggtcctgcgctggtgaaac
ccacacagaccctcacgctgacctgcaccttctctgggttctcactcagcactagtggta
tgggtgtgggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggccctggaatggcttgcaagcattt
attgggatgatgataaatactacagcacatctctgaagagcaggctcaccatctccaagg
acacctccaaaaaccaggtggttctaacaatgaccaacatggaccctgtggacacagcca
catattactgtgcacgggtaccacagagacacagccccgggcgcctcctgtacaagaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-100*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|815345..815839|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagtttggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
atgagagatattgagtgtgatgggacataagtgagagaaacaggggctatgtgtggtggt
ttctgaccaggctgtctctgtttttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcttgtgtagcctctgggtt
caccttcagtagctatgttatgcactgggtccgccaagctccaggaaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcagttattagtgaaagtggtggtaccacatactacgcagactctgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcactgtttctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-100*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|290208..290702|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagtttggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
atgagagatattgagtgtgatgggacataagtgagagaaacaggggctatgtgtggtggt
ttctgaccaggctgtctctgtttttgcaggtgtccagtgtgacgtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcttgtgtagcctctgggtt
caccttcagtagctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcagttattagtgaaagtggtggtaccacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcactgtttctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-100*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|863890..864384|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagtttggttttccttgtggctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
atgagagatattgagtgtgattggacataagtgagagaaacaggggctatgtgtggtggt
ttctgaccaggctgtctctgtttttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcttgtgtagcctctgggtt
caccttcagtagctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcagttattagtgaaagtggtggtaccacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggctgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-100*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|48699..49193|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgtgctgagtttggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
atgagagatattgagtgtgatgggacataagtgagagaaacaggggctatgtgtggtggt
ttctgaccaggctgtctctgtttttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcttgtgtagcctctgggtt
caccttcagtagctatgttatgcactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcagttattagtgaaagtggtggtaccacatactacgcagactctgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcactgtttctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437827|IGHV3-100*05|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..493|493 nt|1| | | | |493+0=493| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagtttggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
atgagagatattgagtgtgatgggacataagtgagagaaacaggggctatgtgtggtggt
ttctgaccaggctgtctctgtttttgcaggtgtccagtgtgacgtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcttgtgtagcctctgggtt
caccttcagtagctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcagttattagtgaaagtggtggtaccacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacacgccagaactcactgtttctgcaaatgaacagcctgagag
ccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtgagc
ccagacacaaacc
>MT542443|IGHV3-100*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|48..519|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472|partial in 3'| |
atggagtttgtgctgagtttggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
atgagagatattgagtgtgatgggacataagtgagagaaacaggggctatgtgtggtggt
ttctgaccaggctgtctctgtttttgcaggtgtccagtgtgacgtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcttgtgtagcctctgggtt
caccttcagtagctatgttatgcactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcagttattagtgaaagtggtggtaccatatactacgcagactctgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcactgtttctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggagaagt
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-102*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|855253..855752|500 nt|1| | | | |500+0=500| | |
atggggattgagctaagctgattttttcttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
agtagagtgagtgagactgagtggatacgagcgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtgtgtgtattttcaggtgttcagagtgtgaggtgcagctgactgag
tccacagagaacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctatgtagcctccaga
ttcgcctgcagtagcttctgaattagcctgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctgga
gtaagtaataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcacatacaccatgcagactctctgaaggg
cagattcaccatctccaaagacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtca
gatagctgaggacatcgccatgtaaggctgtacatagggtttgaagtgaggaaacattag
tgtgagttcagacacaaaat
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-102*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|57030..57526|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| |rev-compl|
atggggattgagctaagctgaatttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
agtagagtgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtgagagaagcagtggttatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtgtgtgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
cacagaggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
cgcctgcagtagcttctgaatgagctgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagta
agtaataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcacatacaccatgcagactctctgaagggcag
attcaccatctccaaagacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtcagag
agctgaggacatcgccatgtaaggctgtacataaggtttgaagtgagggaacatcagtgt
gagtccagacacaaaat
>BK063715|IGHV3-103*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|803197..803688|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgaatgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatgctatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcagctattaatagtggtggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagc
tgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-103*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|851651..852146|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgaatgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctgggggatccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactgctatgcactgggtccgccagactccagggaaggggctggagt
ggatctcagctattagtagtggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggcc
gattcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctga
gagctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV3-103*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|67224..67717|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatttaagaggtgattcatggagaa
atagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgaatgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagctactggatgaattgggtccgccagactccagggaaggggctggagtgg
atctcagctattaatagtggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccga
ttcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-103*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|60635..61126|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| |rev-compl|
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgaatgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctgggggatccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatgctatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcagctattagtagtggtggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagc
tgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>AF173916|IGHV3-103*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..463|463 nt|1| | | | |463+0=463|partial in 3'| |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgaatgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactggatgaattgggtccgccagactccagggaaggggctggagtg
gatctcagctattaatagtggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agcggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctaaagacacagtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-105*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|794657..795135|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttcactgttgctgttttaaaaggtgaactagagaga
tgaagtgcgagtgaataaatttgagggaaacagtggatatgtcaggcagtttctgaccag
gatgtctatgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggaacagctggtggagtctggagaggac
ccaagacaacatagggggttcctgagactctcctgtgcaacctctggattaaccttcagt
agctactgaatgaactccatttcccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtagtaaat
atataggatgatggtaatcagatatgttatgcacaatcttgaagagcacattcaccatct
ccaaagaaaatgccaagaactcactccatttgcaaatgaacagtctgagagcagaggcac
aactgtgcattactgtatgtgaggcactaggtaagaagacagtagcgtgaacacagaca
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-105*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|268851..269329|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctaggttttcactgttgctgttttaaaaggtgaactagagaga
tgaagtgcgagtgaataaatttgagggaaacagtggatatgtcaggcagtttctgaccag
gatgtctatgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggaacagctagtggagtctggagaggac
ccaagacaacatagggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcaacctctggattaaccttcagt
agctactgaatgagctcggtttcccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtagtagat
atatagaatgatagtaatcagatatgttatgcacaatcttgaagagcacattcaccatct
ccaaagaaaatgccaagaactcactccatttacaaatgaacagtctgagagcagaggcac
gactgtgcattactgtatgtgaggcactaggtaagaagacagtagtgtgaacacagaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-105*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|843110..843589|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctaggttttcactgttgctgttttaaaaggtgaactagagaga
tgaagtgcgaatgaataaatttgagggaaacagtggatatgtcaggcagtttctgaccag
gatgtctatgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggaacagctggtggagtctggagaggac
ccaagacaacatagggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcaacctctggattaaccttcagt
agctactgaatgagctccagtttcccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtagtaga
tatataggatgatagtaatcagatatgttatgcacaatcttgaagagcacattcaccatc
tccaaagaaaatgccaagaactcactccatttgcaaatgaatagtctgagagcagaggca
caactgtgcattactatatgtgaggcactaggtaagaagacagtagcgtgaacacagaca
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-105*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|69184..69661|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttcactgttgctgttttaaaaggtgaactagagaga
tgaagtgcgagtgaataaatttgagggaaacagtggatatgtcaggcagtttctgaccag
gatgtctatgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggaacagctggtggagtctggagaggac
caagacaacatagggggttcctgagactctcctgtgcaacctctggattaaccttcagta
gctactgaatgaactccatttcccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtagtaaata
tataggatgatggtaatcagatatgttatgcacaatcttgaagagcacattcaccatctc
caaagaaaatgccaagaactcactccatttgcaaatgaacagtctgagagcagaggcaca
actgtgcattactgtatgtgaggcactaggtaagaagacagtagcgtgaacacagaca
>BK063715|IGHV3-108*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|773256..773756|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggaattttggctgagctgggttttccttgtagctgttttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatagtgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggagaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctaagactctcctgtgcagtctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtg
ggtaggtttcatgagaaacaaagctaatggtgggagaacagaatacgccgcgtctgggaa
aggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgccagaaacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagaaacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-108*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|816743..817243|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggaattttggctgagctgggttttccttgtagctgttttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagataatgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggactc
tgggagaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctaagactctcctgtgcagtctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtg
ggtaggtttcatgagaaacaaagctaatggtgggagaacagaatacgccgcgtctgggaa
aggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacagccgtgtattactgtgccagaaacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV3-108*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|97082..97582|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
  atggaattttggctgagctgggttttccttgtagctgttttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatagtgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggagaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctaagaactctcctgtgcagtctctggat
tcaccttcagtgaccactacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggccggagt
gggtaggtttcatgagaaacaaagctaatggtgggagaacagaatacgccgcgtctgtga
aaggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattccaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgccagaaacacagtgaggggaactca
gtgtgagcccagaaacaaacc
>DQ437829|IGHV3-108*04|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..502|502 nt|1| | | | |502+0=502| | |
  atggaattttggctgagctgggttttccttgtagctgttttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatagtgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggagaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctaagaactctcctgtgcagtctctggat
tcaccttcagtgaccactacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggccggagt
gggtaggtttcatgagaaacaaagctaatggtgggagaacagaatacgccgcgtctgtga
aaggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgagca
gcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgccagaaacacagtgaggggaactc
agtgtgagcccagaaacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-110*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|761564..762061|498 nt|1| | | | |498+0=498| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataaaagtgagataaacagtggattcatgtagaagt
ttctgaccggggtttcttcttgtttgcaggtgtccagtctgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgtagcctctggatt
cagcttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagcagtggtagtggtagtaccacattgtacccagactctgtcaaggg
ccgattcaccatctccagagacaatgccaagaacacagtgtatctgcaaatgaacagcct
gagagccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtcagtg
tgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001149633|IGHV3-110*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|3751..4248|498 nt|1| | | | |498+0=498| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataagagtgagataaacagtggatacatgtggaagt
ttctgactggggtttcttcttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagttggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagcagtggtagtggtagtaccacattgtacccagactctgtcaaggg
ccgattcaccatctccagagacaatgccaagaacacagtgtatctgcaaatgaacagcct
gagagccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaagtcagtg
tgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-110*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|805057..805554|498 nt|1| | | | |498+0=498| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataagagtgagataaacagtggatacatgtggaagt
ttctgactggggtttcttcttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagttggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgtagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagcagtggtagcggtagtaccacattgtacccagactctgtcaaggg
ccgattcatcatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcct
gagagccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtcagtg
tgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-110*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|102221..102718|498 nt|1| | | | |498+0=498| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataagagtgagataaacagtggatacatgtggaagt
ttctgactggggtttcttcttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagttggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgtagcctctggatt
cagcttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagcactggtagcggtagtaccacattgtacccagactctgtcaaggg
ccgattcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcct
gagagccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtcagtg
tgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-115*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|731014..731508|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagattaagtgaatgtgcatatgagtgtgagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtggctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtc
cgtctcagttatcggtggtgatagtagttacacacactacgcagactctgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgcggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-115*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|203774..204268|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagattaagtgaatgtgcatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtggctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtc
cgtctcagttattggtggtgatagtagttacacacactacgcagactctgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-115*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|769206..769700|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgctgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagattaagtgaatgtgcatatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtggctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaagtggctggagtc
cgtctcagttatcggtggtgatagtagttacacacactacgcagactctgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>AF173914|IGHV3-115*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..458|458 nt|1| | | | |458+0=458|partial in 3'| |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgtgattcatgga
aaactagagagattaagtgaatgtgcatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatatgtgtggca
gtttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggag
tctgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccgga
ttcaccttcagtggctacgaaatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggag
tccgtctcagttattggtggtgatagtagttacacacactacgcagactctgtgaagggc
cgattcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctg
agagccgaggacacagccatgtattactgtacacagtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-116*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|714391..714897|507 nt|1| | | | |507+0=507| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttcttgttgctgttttaaaaggtaattcatgg
agaactagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggc
agtttctgaccagggtggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggt
ggagtctgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagagtctcctgtgcagcctc
tggattcaccttcagtgactactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggcc
ggagtgggtaggtttcattagaaacaaagctaatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtc
tgtgaaaggcagattcaccatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcattgccagtctgcaaat
gaacagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactaggcacacaatgaggcg
aggtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-116*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|746261..746764|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| | |
atggagttcgggccgagctgggttttccttgttgctgttttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggaagt
ttctgaccagggtggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtctggaggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagagtctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgaccactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggccgga
gtgggtgggtttcattagaaacaaagctaatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgt
gaaaggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattccaaaagcatcgcctatctgcaaatgag
cagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgagg
tcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542461|IGHV3-116*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|557..1060|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctgttttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtctgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgaccactacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccgga
gtgggtaggtttcattagaaacaaagctaatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgt
gaaaggcagattcaccatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcattgccagtctgcaaatgaa
cagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggcgagg
tcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-117*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|163188..163682|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgggccgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataagagtgagataaacagtggatacatgtggaagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgtagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactgcatggactgggtccgccaggcttcagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtaacacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-117-1*01|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|172226..172726|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatgttaaaaggtgatttacggaga
actagagatgttgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggcgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggagccttggcacagcctggggggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggttggccgtattagaaacaaagctaacagttacacaacagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctcaagggatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-118*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|703279..703779|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtattagaagcaaatctaacaattacgagacaggatacgctgcgtcggtgaa
aggcaggttcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-118*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|735154..735654|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
attagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtatcagaagcaaatctaacaattacgagacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcaggttcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggcgagatca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV3-118*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|168464..168963|500 nt|1| | | | |500+0=500| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggggaggcctggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtgg
gttggacgtattagaagcaaatctaacaattacgagacaggatacgctgcgtcggtgaaa
ggcaggttcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacagc
ctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtcag
tgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-118*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|181921..182421|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
attagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactatgccatgagctgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggctatattagaagcaaatataacaattacgctacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacgctatatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-119*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|695451..695945|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagttggggatgagctgggttttccttcttgctattttagaaggtgattgacggaaa
actagagatatggagtgtgaatggacatgagtgagataagcaatggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctttgttcgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactggatgtactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattagtagtgatgggagtagcacaagctacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagtttgag
agctgaagacacagctgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagcgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-119*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|167389..167883|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagttggggatgagctgggttttccttcttgctattttagaaggtgattgacggaaa
actagagatatggagtgtgaatggacatgagtgagataagcaatggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctttgttcgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggagccttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactggatgtactgggtccaccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattagtagtgatgggagtagcaccagctacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagtttgag
agctgaagacacagctgtgtattaatgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagcgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-119*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|727335..727829|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagttggggatgagctgggttttccttcttgctattttagaaggtgattgacggaaa
actagagatatggagtgtgaatggacatgagtgagataagcaacggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactggatgtactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattagtagtgatgggagtagcacaagctacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagtttgag
agctgaagacagagctgtgtattactgtactacagacacagtgaggggaagtcagcgcga
gcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437832|IGHV3-119*04|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..496|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atggagttgggcttgagctgggttttccttcttgctattttagaaggtgattgacggaaa
actagagatatggagtgtgaatggacatgagtgagataagcaatggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccaygtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagt
ctgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggat
tcaccttcagtagctactggatgtactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagt
gggtctcacgtattagtagtgatgggagtagcacaagctacgcagactccgtgaagggcc
gattcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagtttga
gagctgaagacacagctgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagcgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-12*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1432037..1432523|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagattgagtgtgagtggatatgactgagataaacagtgaatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggccggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
cactttcagtagctatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccggaagaggggctggtgtg
ggtttcatacattggtagtagtaccatgtactacgcagactccgtgaagggccgattcac
catctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagccga
ggacacggctgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacggtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccgac
acaaacc
>NW_001121239|IGHV3-12*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|201607..202093|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| |rev-compl|
atggagtttggactgagcttggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagattgagtgtgagtgcatatgactgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtacagcctggccggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
cactttcagtagctatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccggaagaggggctggtgtg
ggtttcatacattggtagtagtaccatgtactacgcagactccgtgaagggccgattcac
catctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagccga
ggacacggctgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacggtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccgac
acaaacc
>SBKD01011548|IGHV3-12*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|ORF|L-PART1-to-V-RS|42404..42892|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| |rev-compl|
atggagtttggactgagcttggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagatcgagtgtgagtgcatatgactgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtccagcctggccggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccggaagaggggctggtgtg
ggtttcatacattggtagtagtaccatgtactacgcagactccgtgaagggccgattcac
catctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagccga
ggacacggctgtgtattactgtgtgagagatacggtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>DQ437820|IGHV3-12*04|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..488|488 nt|1| | | | |488+0=488| | |
atggagtttggactgagcttggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagagatcgagtgtgagtgcatatgactgagataaacagtgaatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggccggtccctgagacccctcctgtgcagcctctggat
tcactttcagtagctatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccggaagaggggctggtgt
gggtttcatacattggtagtagtaccatgtactacgcagactccgtgaagggccgattca
ccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagccg
aggacacggctgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacggtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccga
cacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-124*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|657833..658324|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgagtggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattaaatggtggggtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcagatt
caccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgagagc
tgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-124*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|687872..688365|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcgtt
tctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
agcttcagtgactactacatgtactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcaggtattagttatactggtggtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcaga
ttcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-13*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1421958..1422452|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctggattttccttgttgctattctaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagattgggtgtgaatggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcggtttct
gaccttggtgtttctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcttggtgcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacc
ttcagtaactactacatgcactgggtccgccaggctcaagggaaagggctagagtgggta
ggtttaataagaaacaaagctaacagttacacgacagaatatgctgcggctgtgaaaggc
agattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctg
aaaaccgaggacacagccctgtattactgtactaaacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011548|IGHV3-13*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|52467..52963|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgggctgagctggattttccttgttgctattctaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagattgggtgtgaatggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcggtttct
gaccttggtgtttctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcttggtgcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacc
ttcagtaactactacatgcactgggtccgccaggctcaagggaaagggctagagtgggta
ggtttaataagaaacaaagctaacagttacacgacagaatatgctgcggctgtgaaaggc
agattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctg
aaaaccgaggacacagccgtgtattactgtactaaacacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgt
gagcccagacacaaacc
>AF173904|IGHV3-13*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..463|463 nt|1| | | | |463+0=463|partial in 3'| |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagattgggtgtgaatggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcggtttct
gaccttggtgtttctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcttggtgcagcctgtggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacc
ttcagtaactactacatgcactgggtccgccaggctcaagggaaagggctagagtgggta
ggtttaataagaaacaaagctaacagttacaccacagaatatgctgcggctgtgaaaggc
agattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaccagcctg
aaaaccgaggacacagccctgtattactgtactaaacacagtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-132*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|625974..626465|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatattgagtatgagtggacataaatgacagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcaat
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgtggagcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggcgtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgaatt
caccttcagtagctatgacatgcactgggttcgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtatcaggtattagcattggcggtggcacatactacccagactctgtgaagggtcgatt
caccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccttgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgagagc
tgaggacactgctgtgtattattgtgcaagagacacagtgaggggaagtcaatgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-132*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|97586..98077|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatattgagtgtgagtgaacataaatgacagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcaat
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgtggagcagctggtggagtc
tgggggagccttggtacagcctggggcgtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgaatt
caccttcagtagctatgacatgcactgggttcgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtatcagctattagcattggcggtggcacatactacccagactctgtgaagggtcgatt
caccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccttgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgagagc
tgaggacactgctgtgtattattgtgcaagagacacagtgaggggaagtcaatgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV3-132*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|259726..260214|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatattgagtgtgagtgaataaatgacagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcaattt
ctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgtggagcagctggtggagtctg
ggggaggcttggtacagcctggggcgtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgaattca
ccttcagtagctatgacatgcactgggttcgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtggg
tatcagctattagcattggcggtggcacatactacccagactctgtgaagggtcgattca
ccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccttgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgagagctg
aggacactgctgtgtattatgtgcaagagacacagtgaggggaagtcaatgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>MT542441|IGHV3-132*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|371..856|486 nt|1| | | | |486+0=486|partial in 3'| |
atggagtttatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatattgagtatgagtggacataaatgacagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcaat
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgtggagcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggcgtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgaatt
caccttcagtagctatgacatgcactgggttcgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtatcagctattagcattggcggtggcacatactacccagactctgtgaagggtcgatt
caccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccttgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgagagc
tgaggacactgctgtgtattattgtgcaagagacacagtgaggggaagtcaatgtgagcc
cagaca
>BK063715|IGHV3-134*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|604635..605129|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
actagagaaattgagtgtgagtgaccatgagtgagagaaacagtggctatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtaaagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
cacgtttgatgattatgccatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtatctcggattagttgggatggtggtagcacatattacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatggacaggctgag
agctgaggacacggccttgtattactgtagtagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgaga
gcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-134*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|420446..420940|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
ctggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgatttatggaga
actagagaaattgagtgtgagtgaccatgagtgagagaaacagtggctatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgacgtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
cacgtttgatgattatgccatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtatctcggattagttgggatggtggtagcacatattacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatggacaggctgag
agctgaggacacggccttgtattactgtagtagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgaga
gcccagacaaaaacg
>BK063715|IGHV3-136*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|590461..590955|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
acttgagagattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggctttctctttatttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttacgacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcatatattagttacactggtaaaaccatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgag
agccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggtgaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-137*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|583685..584185|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggtga
actagagacactgagtgtgagtggacgtgagtgagagaaacagtggttatgggtggcagt
ttctgatgcgggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttgttccagcctggcgggtccctgagagtctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtg
ggtagatttaattagaaacaaagctaacggtggcacaacagaatagtccgcatctgtgaa
aggcagatgcaccatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaacaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaagggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-137*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|399404..399904|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggtga
actagagacactgagtgtgaatggacgtgagtgagagaaacagtggttatgggtggcagt
ttctgatgcgggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttgttccagcctggcgggtccctgagagtctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtg
ggtaggtttaattagaaacaaagctaacggtggcacaacagaatagtccgcatctgtgaa
aggcagatgcaccatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaacaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactaggcacacaatgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccacaaacccccc
>BK063715|IGHV3-139*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|573217..573722|506 nt|1| | | | |506+0=506| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggctgagctggggttttcttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcttggagacctgaagatatttattgtggatgtattcgagtgagggaaacagtagatat
gtgtgtcagcttgtgatcgctgtgtctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggtgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcaggagctgctacatggactcggtccaccagacttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacattctatgctactgatg
ccatgaagagttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaa
taaactgtgagatctgaggacattgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgagggga
gatcagtgtgagcccagacacacacg
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-139*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|388790..389292|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggcggagctggggttttcttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctagagacctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gtgtgtcagcttctgatcgctgtgtctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggtgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctactacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaataa
actgtgagatctgaggacgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacacg
>BK063715|IGHV3-14*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1411494..1411953|460 nt|1| | | | |460+0=460| | |
atggagtttggtctcagctgggttttccttattgctactttaaaagatggctcatggaga
actagcgatattgagtgtgagtggtcatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagg
ttctgaccaggttgtctccgtatttgcaggtgtccagtgtgacatgcagctggtggagtc
tttgggaagcttgttgtagcctggggcatccgtgagactttcccttgcagcctctggatt
caccttttgtaggtactggatgagctgggtccaccaggctccagggaaagggctggagta
ggtctcatttttgagtagtagtggaggcagcacaagctatgcggactctgtgaagggtcc
attcaccatctccagagatgatgccaagaaatcactgtatctacaagtgaacagcctgag
agctgaagatagtgctatgtattactgtggtggcactgtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-146*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|516448..516939|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
ctgtggtttgaggtagacgaattttcgttgttggtattttaaaaggtaactcatagagaa
ctagagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggttatgtttggcagtttctg
accaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccatag
aggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccggattcgcct
gcagtagctactgaatgagccaagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagtgagcaa
tagatgtaaaatacgatggaagtcagatataccatgcaggctctgtgaagggcagattct
caatctccaacgacaattctaagcacttgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagctg
aggacatggccatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgagtc
cagacacaaaac
>BK063715|IGHV3-148*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|505209..505692|484 nt|1| | | | |484+0=484| | |
atggattttggtggtttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatgtatgggaaatgagag
atattgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagaggatatatgtggcagtttctgac
aagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccgatgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggga
gacttggcaaagcctggggggtcccagaaactctcctgtgcaggttcttgattcaccttc
agtagctactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccagggaatgggctggagtgggttgga
caagttaatcctaatgggggtagtacatatctcacagaccccagaagggccgattcacca
tctccagagataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaagg
acacggccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcccagacaca
aacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-153*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|473446..473949|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatttggaaaggtgattcatggaga
agtagaaaaattgagtgtgaggagacatgagtgaggctaactgtggatatgagtggcagt
ttctgaccagcgtggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtccgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgattatgctatggactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggccgga
gtgggtaggtttcattagaagcaaagcttatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgt
gaaaggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgag
cagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggggagg
tcagtgtgagcccagacgcaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-153*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|153..656|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatttggaaaggtgattcatggaga
agtagaaaaattgagtgtgaggagacatgagtgaggctaactgtggatatgagtggcagt
ttctgaccagcgtggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtccgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgattatgctatggactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctgga
gtgggtgggtttcattagaagcaaagcttatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgt
gaaaggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgag
cagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggggagg
tcagtgtgagcccagacgcaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-153D*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|363700..364203|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatttggaaaggtgattcatggaga
agtagaaaaattgagtgtgaggagacatgagtgaggctaactgtggatatgagtggcagt
ttctgaccagcgtggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtccgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgattatgctatggactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctgga
gtgggtaggtttcattagaagcaaagcttatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgt
gaaaggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgag
cagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggggagg
tcagtgtgagcccagacgcaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-153D*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1386175..1386678|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatttggaaaggtgattcatggaga
agtagaaaaattgagtgtgaggagacatgagtgaggctaactgtggatatgagtggcagt
ttctgaccagcgtggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtccgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgattatgctatggactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctgga
gtgggtgggtttcattagaagcaaagcttatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgt
gaaaggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgag
cagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggggagg
tcagtgtgagcccagacgcaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-157*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|452572..453074|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggctgagctggggttttcttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctggagatctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gtgtgtcagcttctgatcgctgtgtctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggcgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctgctacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaataa
actgtgagatctgaggatgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacaca
>BK063715|IGHV3-157D*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|335020..335522|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggcggagctggggttttcttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctggagatctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gggtgtcagcttctgatcactgtatctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggtgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctgctacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaatac
actgtgagatctgaggacgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-157D*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1365394..1365896|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggctgagctggggtttttttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctggagatctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gtgtgtcagcttctgatcgctgtgtctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggcgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctgctacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaataa
actgtgagatctgaggatgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacaca
>SBKD01001069|IGHV3-157D*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|36118..36619|502 nt|1| | | | |502+0=502| |rev-compl|
atgactcaccttagaatttgggctgagctggggttttttgttgctattttaaagatgatt
cctggagatctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatatgt
gtgtcagcttcttgatcgctgttgtctctgtgtttccagggtgtccgggtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctgctacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaaaagtccctttatctgcaaataaa
ctgtgagatctgaggatgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagatc
agtgtgagcccagacacacact
>BK063715|IGHV3-16*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1387278..1387778|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgt
ttctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtgcagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctgggggatccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactactggatgaactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggttggatttattaaaaacaaagccgatggtggaacagcagcatacgccgaatctgtgaa
aggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacactgtacctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121239|IGHV3-16*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|247677..248176|500 nt|1| | | | |500+0=500| |rev-compl|
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtatatgtgctgtt
tctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctgggggatccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtaactactggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggactgg
gttggatttattaaaaacaaagctgatggtggaacagcagcatacgccgaatctgtgaaa
ggcagattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgagcagc
ctgaacaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggggaggtcag
tgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01001336|IGHV3-16*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|16472..16972|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgt
ttctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtgcagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctgggggatccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactactggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggttggatttattaaaaacaaagctgatggtggaacagcagcatacgccgaatctgtgaa
aggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacactgtacctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011548|IGHV3-16*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|87084..87579|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| |rev-compl|
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgctgtttc
taatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgg
gggaggcttggtccagcctgggggatccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcac
cttcagtaactactggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggactgggt
tggatttattaaaaacaaagctgatggtggaacagcagcatacgccgaatctgtgaaagg
cagattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgagcagcct
gaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgagggaggtcagtgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>MT542463|IGHV3-16*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|326..826|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatacgtgtggctgt
ttctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtgcagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctgggggttccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtaactactggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggttggatttattaaaaacaaagccgatggtggaacagcagcatacgccgaatctgtgaa
aggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcaaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-162*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|320637..321128|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
atggagttgatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgatattttaaaaggtgatctatagaga
actagagatgtgtgagtgtgagcagacatgagtgagaaaaacagtggatacatgcagcag
tttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtctagtgtgaggtgcacctggtggagt
ccgggggaggcttggcaaaacctgaggggtccctgagactctcctatgcagcctctgcag
gattcaccttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccgccaggctccagggaataggctgg
agtgggttagacaagttaatcctaatgggggtagcacatacctcacagactccgggaagg
gccgattcaccatccccagagataacgccaagaacacacttcatctgcaaatgaacaggc
tgaaaaccgagaacacagccgtgtattactgtacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-162*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|15533..16021|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
atggagttgatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgatattttaaaaggtgatctatagaga
actagagatgtgtgagtgtgagcggacataagtgagaaaaacagtggatacgtgcagcag
tttctgaccagggtgtctctgttgcaggtgtctagtgtgaggtgcacctggtggagtccg
ggggaggcttggcaaaacctgaggagtccctgagactctcctatgcagcctctgcaggat
tcaccttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccgccaggctccagggaataggctggagt
gggttagacaagttaatcctaatgggggtagcacatacctcacagactccgggaagggcc
gattcaccatccccagagataacgccaagaacacacttcatctgcaaatgaacaggctga
aaaccgagaacacagccatgtattactgtacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>SBKD01001069|IGHV3-162*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|51015..51494|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| |rev-compl|
atggagttgatgctgagctggtttttccttgttgatattttaaaaggtgatctatagaga
atagagatgtgtgagtgtgagggacatagtgagaaaaacagtggatacgtgcagcagttt
ctgaccagggtgtctctgttgcaggtgtctagtgtgaggtgcacctggtggagtccgggg
gaggcttggcaaaacctgaggggtccctgagactctcctatgcagctctgcaggattcac
ttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccgccaggctccagggaataggctggagtgggtt
gacaagttaatcctaatgggggtagcacatactcacagactccggaagggccgattcacc
atccccagagataacgccaagaacacacttcatctgcaaatgaacaggctgaaaaccaga
acacagccatgtattactgtacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011709|IGHV3-162*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|41675..42162|488 nt|1| | | | |488+0=488| |rev-compl|
atggagttgatgctgagctgggttttccttgttgatattttaaaaggtgatctatagaga
actagagatgtgtgagtgtgagcggacataagtgagaaaaacagtggatacgtgcagcag
tttctgaccagggtgtctctgttgcaggtgtctagtgtgaggtgcacctggtggagtccg
ggggaggcttggcaaaacctgagggtccctgagactctcctatgcagcctctgcaggatt
caccttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccgccaggctccagggaataggctggagtg
ggttagacaagttaatcctaatgggggtagcacatacctcacagactccgggaagggccg
attcaccatccccagagataacgccaagaacacacttcatctgcaaatgaacaggctgaa
aaccgagaacacagccatgtattactgtacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccaga
cacaaacc
>AF173910|IGHV3-162*05|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..457|457 nt|1| | | | |457+0=457|partial in 3'| |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgatattttaaaaggtgatctatagaga
actagagatgtgtgagtgtgagcggacataagtgagaaaaacagtggatacgtgcagcag
tttctgaccagggtgtctctgttgcaggtgtctagtgtgaggtgcacctggtggagtccg
ggggaggcttggcaaaacctgaggggtccctgagactctcctatgcagcctctgcaggat
tcaccttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccgccaggctccagggaataggctggagt
gggttagacaagttaatcctaatgggggtagcacatacctcacagactccgggaagggcc
gattcaccatccccagagataacgccaagaacacacttcatctgcaaatgaacaggctga
aaaccgagaacacagccatgtattactgtacacagtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-168*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|292963..293453|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
  ctgtggtttgaggtagacgaatttttgttgttggtattttaaaaggtaactcatagagaa
ctagagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttctg
accaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccatag
aggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccggattcgcct
tcagtagcttctgaatgagccagttcaccagtctccagggaaggaactggagtgagcaat
agatgtaaaatacgatggaagtcagatataccatgcagacgctgtgaagggcagattctc
aatctccaacgacaattctaagaacttgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagctga
ggacttggccatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgagtcc
agacgcaaaac
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-168*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1322738..1323229|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  ctgtggtttgaggtagacgaatttttgttgttggtattttaaaaggtaactcatagagaa
ctagagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttctg
accaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccatag
aggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagattcgcct
gcagtagcttctgaatgagctgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagtgagcaa
tagatgtaaaatacgatggaagtcagatataccatgcagacgctgtgaagggcagattct
caatctccaacgacaattctaagaacttgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagctg
aggacttggccatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgagtc
cagacgcaaaac
>SBKD01011376|IGHV3-168*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|17925..18416|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| |rev-compl|
  ctgtggtttgaggtagacgaatttttgttgttgatattttaaaaggtaactcatagagaa
ctagagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttctg
accaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccacag
aggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccggattcgcct
tcagtagctactgaatgagccaagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagtgagcaa
tagatgtaaaatacgatggaagtcagatataccatgcagacgctgtgaagggcagattct
caatctccaacgacaattctaagaacttgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagctg
aggacttggccatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgagtc
cagacgcaaaac
>SBKD01000728|IGHV3-168*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|344170..344660|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| |rev-compl|
  ctgtggtttgagatagacgaatttttgttgttggtattttaaaaggtaactcatagagaa
ctagagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttctg
accaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccacag
aggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagattcgcct
gcagtagcttctgaattagctgagttcaccagtgtccagggaaggggctggagtgagcaa
tagatgtaaaatacaatggaagtcggatataccatgcagactctgtgaagggcagattct
caatctccaacgacaattctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaagaatagtctgagagctga
ggacatggccatgtatggctgtacataagctcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgagtcc
agacgcaaaac
>BK063715|IGHV3-170*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|281721..282204|484 nt|1| | | | |484+0=484| | |
  atggattttggtggtttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatgggaaatgagag
atgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagaggatatatgtggcagtttctgac
aagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccgatgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggga
gacttggcaaagcctggggggtcccagaaactctcctgtgcaggttctcaattcaccttc
agtagctactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccagggaatgggctggagtgggttgga
caagttaatcctaatgggggtagtacatatctcacagaccccagaagggccgattcacca
tctccagagataacgccatgaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaagg
acacggccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcccagacaca
aacc
>SBKD01000813|IGHV3-170*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|196065..196539|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atggattttggtggtttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatgggaaatgagag
atgttgagtgtgagggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatatgtggcagtttctgacc
agggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccgtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggagg
cttggcaaagcctgggggtcccagactctcctgtgcaggtctcaattcaccttcagtagc
tactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccagggaatggctggagtgggttggacaagtta
atcctaatgggggtagtacatatctcacagactccgaagggccgattcaccatctccaga
gataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaaggacacgcct
tgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011376|IGHV3-170*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|29206..29685|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| |rev-compl|
  atggattttggtggtttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatgggaaatgagag
atgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagaggatatatgtggcagtttctgac
aagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccgatgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggga
gacttggcaaagcctgggggtcccagaaactctcctgtgcaggttctcaattcaccttca
gtagctactacatgaactgtccaccaggctccagggaatgggctggagtgggttggacaa
gttaatcctaatgggggtagtacatatctcacagacccagaagggccgattcaccatctc
cagagataacgccatgaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaaggacac
ggccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437836|IGHV3-170*04|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..485|485 nt|1| | | | |485+0=485| | |
  atggattttggtggtttttgcttgttgctattttgaagggcgatttatgggaaatgagag
atattgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagaggatatatgtggcagtttctgac
aagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccgatgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggga
gacttggcaaagcctggggggtcccagaaactctcctgtgcaggttctcaattcaccttc
agtagctactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccagggaaatgggctggagtgggttgg
acaagttaatcctaagggtggtagtacatatctcacagaccccagaagggccgattcacc
atctccagagataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaag
gacacggccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcccagacac
aaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-175*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|244513..245001|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actaggaagattgagcatgtttggatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatttgcgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccattagcagctactggatgagctgggtctgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtg
gctttcagacatttatggtagtaccatgtactacggagactctgtgaagggcctattcac
cgtctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtctgagagccga
ggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-175*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|60981..61469|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| |rev-compl|
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actaggaagattgagcatgtttggatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatttgcgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccattagcagctactggatgagctgggtctgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtg
gctttcagacatttatggtagtaccatgtactacggagactctgtgaagggcctattcac
cgtctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagtctgagagccga
ggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtaaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaaac
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-175*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1274249..1274737|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actaggaagattgagcatgtttggatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatttgcgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccattagcagctactggatgagctgggtctgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtg
gctttcagacatttatggtagtaccatgtactacggagactctgtgaagggcctattcac
cgtctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtctgagagccga
ggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtaaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaaac
>SBKD01000813|IGHV3-175*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|158899..159387|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actaggaagattgagcatgtttggatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatttgcgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccgttagcagctactggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtg
gctttcagacatttatggtagtaccatgtactacggagactctgtgaagggccgattcac
cgtctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagccga
ggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>SBKD01011505|IGHV3-175*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|90003..90491|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttagaaggtgattcatggaaa
actaggaagattgagcatgtttggatacgagtgtgagaaacagtggatttgcgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggcggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccgttagcagctactggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtg
gctttcagacatttatggtagtaccatgtactacggagactctgtgaagggccgattcac
cgtctccagagacaatgccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagccga
ggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagggacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgcgagcccag
acacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-176*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|235467..235964|498 nt|1| | | | |498+0=498| | |
  atggagttcgggccgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtaattcatggtga
actagagacactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggctataggtggcagt
ttctaaccagggtgtctctgtgttcgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctgggggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcagtgacgactacatggagtgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctgga
gtgggttggacaaattaatcctaatgggggtaccacattcctcatggattccgtgaaggg
ccgattcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctttatctgcaaattaacagcct
gaaaatagaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactaggcacacaatgaggggaggtcagtg
tgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-176*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|69793..70287|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| |rev-compl|
  atggagttcgggccgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttcaaaggtaattcatggtga
actagagacactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggctataggtggcagt
ttctaaccagggtgtctctgtgttcgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgacgactacatggagtgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggttggacaaattaatcctaatgggggtaccacattcctcatggattccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctttatctgcaaattaacagcctgaa
aatagaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagacacacaatgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-176*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1265283..1265777|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atgaagttcgggccgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttcaaaggtaattcatggtga
actagagacactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggctataggtggcagt
ttctaaccagggtgtctctgtgttctcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgacgactacatggagtgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggttggacaaattaatcctaatgggggtaccacattcctcatggattccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctttatctgcaaattaacagcctgaa
aatagaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagacacacaatgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-178*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|223831..224325|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattagtaatggtggtggtagcacatggtacgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-178*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|81476..81970|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattagtaatggtggtggtagcacatggtacgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-18*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|ORF|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1376215..1376708|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggaatccgggctgagctggggtttccttgctgctatcttaaaaggcgattcatgaaga
actagagatgttgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggctgcatctggcaat
ttctgaccaggatgtctccgtgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgagggaaatttcgtgcagcctggagggtccctgagactctcttgtgcagtctctggatt
cacctttagcagctgtgatttggactggattcgccatgctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtctctggtattagtattgctggtagcacgtattatgcaaactctgtaaacagtctatt
cgccatctccagaggcaatgccaaaaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagtctgatagc
tgaggacacagccatttattactgtgtgagtgaagcacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121239|IGHV3-18*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|ORF|L-PART1-to-V-RS|259082..259575|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
  atggaatccgggctgagctggggtttccttgctgctattttaaaaggcgattcatgaaga
actagagatattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggttgcatctggcaat
ttctgaccaggatgtctccgtgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgtggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgagggaaatttcgtgcagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagtctctggatt
cacctttagcagctgtgatttggactggattcgccatgctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtctctggtattagtattgctggtagcacgtattatgcaaactctgtaaacagtctatt
cgccatctccagagaaaatgccaaaaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagtctgatagc
tgaggacacagccatttattactgtgtgagtgaagcacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-18*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|ORF|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1827418..1827911|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggaatccgggctgagctggggtttccttgctgctattttaaaaggcgattcatgaaga
actagagatattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggttgcatctggcaat
ttctgaccaggatgtctccgtgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgagggaaatttcgtgcagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgccgtctctggatt
cacctttagcagctgtgatttggactggattcgccatgctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtctctggtattagtattgctggtagcacgtattatgcaaactctgtaaacagtctatt
cgccatctccagagaaaatgccaaaaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagtctgatagc
tgaggacacagccatttattactgtgtgagtgaagcacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-182*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|169499..169994|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
  atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatggcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcatactattaatagtggtggtggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggcc
gattcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctga
gagctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-182*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|135342..135837|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| |rev-compl|
  atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtgaacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatggcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtaaatggtggtggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaggggcc
gattcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctga
gagctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-182*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1200033..1200528|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
  atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagac
tggaggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgaaactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatgctatgcagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctagagt
ggatctcagctattaatagtggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggcc
gattcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctga
gagctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000813|IGHV3-182*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|83688..84178|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
  atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
actagagagattgagtgggagtgaacatgaatgagagaaacagtggatattgtggcagtt
tctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggaggcttggtgcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagctactacatgactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgga
tctcagctattaatatggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaaggccgattc
accatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagct
gaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagccc
agacacaaacc
>SBKD01011505|IGHV3-182*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|14322..14816|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgaatgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagac
tggaggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgaaactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatggcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctagagtg
ggtctcagctattaatagtggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>MT542465|IGHV3-182*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|468..962|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
actagagagattgagtgggagtgaacatgaatgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtgcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactacatgtactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
gatctcagctattaatactggtgggggtagcacatactacgcagactccgtgaaaggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaactcaaagaacacgctctccctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-183*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|164451..164937|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaagggactggagtgggtctcat
ccattagtaacactggtaaaaccgtatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcacca
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-183*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|140401..140887|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| |rev-compl|
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaagggactggagtgggtctcat
ccattagtaacactggtaaaaccgtatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcaccg
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-183*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1194664..1195150|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtgggtctcat
ccattagtagtgctagtagttacatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcacca
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>SBKD01000813|IGHV3-183*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|78591..79077|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaagggactggagtgggtctcat
tcattagttacactggtaaaaccatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcaccg
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>SBKD01011505|IGHV3-183*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|9230..9717|488 nt|1| | | | |488+0=488| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaagggactggagtgagtctcat
ccattagtaacactggtaaaaccgtatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcaccg
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggccgaggtcagtgtgagcccaga
cacaaacc
>DQ437808|IGHV3-183*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..487|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaagggactggagtgggtctcat
ccattagtaacactggtaaaaccatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcaccg
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-184*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|144002..144502|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggctatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatgtactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtgggtttcattagaagcaaagcttacggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattccaaaagcatcgcctatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagggacacagtgaggcgaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-184*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|160955..161455|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatataggtggcagt
ttctgatgcgggtgtctctgtgttcgcaggtgtgcagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatgtactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtgggtttcattagaagcaaagcttacggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattccaaaagcatcgcctatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagggacacagtgaggcgaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-184*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1180416..1180915|500 nt|1| | | | |500+0=500| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacataagtgagaggaacagtggttatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgttcgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtgaccactacatgtactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctggagtgg
gtgggtttcattagaagcaaagcttacggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaaa
ggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattccaaaagcatcgcctatctgcaaatgaacagc
ctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagggacacagtgaggcgaggtcag
tgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-186*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|ORF|L-PART1-to-V-RS|134072..134572|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgcccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcaccgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtatcagaagcaaatctaacaattacgcgacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-186*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|170886..171386|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgcccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtattagaagcaaatctaacaattacgcgacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-186*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1170505..1171005|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttgaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgcccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtatcagaagcaaatctaacaattacgcgacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>AF173905|IGHV3-186*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..469|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgcccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtattagaagcaaatctaacaattacgcgacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-187*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|125008..125497|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
gtggagttaggaatgcactgggttttctttgctattgttctaaaagacgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgactgtgagtggatatgagtgacagaaacagtggatctgtgtggtagtt
tctgacacgaatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccaatgtgaggtgtagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtacagcctggggcatccctgtgactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagctatggcatgcactaggtggaccaacctccagggaagggactggagtgg
gtcttatgttaatgctagtggtggaagcacatactactcagactctgtgaagggctgatt
caccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagataaacagtttgattgc
cgacaccatggctgtctattactgtaagaaacacagtgaggagaagtcaatgtgagctca
gtcacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-187*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|180139..180628|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| |rev-compl|
gtggagttaggaatgcactgggttttctttgctattgttctaaaagacgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgactgtgagtggatatgagtgacagaaacagtggatctgtgtggtagtt
tctgacacgaatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccaatgtgaggtgtagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtacagcctggggcatccctgtgactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagctatggcatgcactaggtggaccaacctccagggaagggactggagtgg
gtcttatattaatgctagtggtggaggcacatactactcagactctgtgaagggctgatt
caccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagataaacagtttgattgc
cgacaccatggctgtctattactgtaagaaacacagtgaggagaagtcaatgtgagctca
gtcacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-187*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1161432..1161921|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
gtggagttaggaatgcactgggttttctttgctattgttctaaaagacgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgactgtgagtggatatgagtgacagaaacagtggatctgtgtggtagtt
tctgacacgaatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccaatgtgaggtgtagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttgttacagcctggggcatccctgtgactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagctatggcatgcactaggtggaccaacctccagggaagggactggagtgg
gtcttatattaatgctagtggtggaggcacatactactcagactctgtgaagggctgatt
caccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagataaacagtttgattgc
cgacaccatggctgtctattactgtaagaaacacagtgaggagaagtcaatgtgagctca
gtcacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-191*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1122133..1122618|486 nt|1| | | | |486+0=486| | |
atgcagtttgggctgagctgggttttcactgtcattgttttaaaaagtgtgctagagaga
tagagtgtgagtgaatatatttgagacaaacagtggatatgtctggcagtttctgacaag
gatctgtatgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggaacagctggtggagtctggagaggac
ccaagacaacctcgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagactctggattaacctgcagt
agctgctgaatgagttcggtttcccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtagtagat
atatcgtgtgatggaagtcagatatgttatgcacaatatgggaagagcagattcaccgtc
tccaaagaaagtgccaagactcactgtatttgcaaatgaacagtctgagagcagagggcg
tggctgtgtgtcactgtatgtgaggcacccggtaagaaggcatcagtgtgaacacagaca
cagagt
>SBKD01011504|IGHV3-191*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|26724..27209|486 nt|1| | | | |486+0=486| | |
atgcagtttgggctgagctgggttttcactgtcattgttttaaaaagtgtgctagagaga
tagagtgtgagtgaatatatttgagacaaacagtggatatgtcaggcagtttctgaccag
gatgtctatgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggaacagctggtggagtctggagaggac
ccaagacaacctcgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagactctggattaaccttcagt
agctgctgaatgagttcggtttcccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtagtagat
atatcgtgtgatggaagtcagatatgttatgcacaatatgggaagagcagattcaccatc
tccaaagaaagtgccaagactcactgtatttgcaaatgaacagtctgagagcagagggcg
tggctgtgtgtcactgtatgtgaggcacccagtaagaaggcatcagtgtgaacacagaca
cagagt
>BK063715|IGHV3-195*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|61644..62136|493 nt|1| | | | |493+0=493| | |
atggagttggggctgtgctgggttttccttattcctgttttaaaaggtgatccatgaaga
actagaaatattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtgaatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagaatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccattgtaaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggagacttggcacagcctaggagttccctgagactaacttgttcagcctctggatt
cacctttagtacttaaggcatgcgctgggtgcaccacactccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctgacatgaatcctagtggtatagacacatactacccagactccgtgaagggctgat
tcaccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaataaagagtttaaaag
ctgatgacatggctgtgtgttactgtgtgagagacacaatgaggaaaggtcagtatgagc
ccagacagaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV3-195*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|245045..245540|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| |rev-compl|
atggagttggggctgtgctgggttttccttattcctgttttaaaaggtgatccatgaaga
actagaaatattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtgaatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagaatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccattataaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggagacttggcacagcctaggagttccctgagactaacttgttcagcctctggatt
cacctttagtacttaaggcatgcgctgggtgcaccacactccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctgacatgaatcctagtggtatagacacatactacccagactccgtgaagggctgat
tcaccatcatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaataaagagtttaa
aagctgatgacatggctgtgtgttactgtgtgagagacacaatgaggaaaggtcagtatg
agcccagacagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-201*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|3045..3541|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| | |
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgttgagtgtgagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttgatgattacgccatgcactgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctctggtattagttggagtggtggtagcacatactatgcagactccgtcaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgggcagcctgag
agctgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcaaaagatacacggtgaggggaagtcagtga
gagcccagacacaaacg
>BK063715|IGHV3-24*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1348019..1348499|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
atggagttggggctgcactgggtttcgtcgttctaaaaggtgactcaagaagaactagaa
atattgagtgtgagtggaggcgagtgagaacagtgcagatgtgtggcagtttctaacaga
atgtctctgtgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaggtgcagctggtgtggtctggggcaggct
tggcacatcctgggggtccccgagactctcctgtgcagcttctggattcaccttcagtag
ctatggcatgcgctaggtgtgccaagctccagggaagggattggaatggggctcacatta
atcctaccggtggaggcacatactacccagactccgtgaaaggccgattcaccgtctcca
gagaaaacaccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaataaacagtttgaaagctaacgacacag
ctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-24*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1799207..1799689|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
atggagttggggctgcactgggtttcgttgttctaaaaggtgactcaagaagaactagaa
atattgagtgtgagtggaggcgactgagagaacagtgcagatgtgtggcagtttctaaca
gaatgtctctgtgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaggtgcagctggtgtggtctggggcagg
cttggcacatcctgggggtccccgagactctcctgtgcagcttctggattcaccttcagt
agctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaagggattggaatggggctcacat
taatcctaccggtggaggcacatactacccagactccgtgaaaggccgattcaccgtctc
cagagaaaacaccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaataaacagtttgaaagctaacgacac
agctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtcagtgtgagcccagacacaa
acc
>SBKD01000916|IGHV3-24*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|130896..131378|483 nt|1| | | | |483+0=483| | |
atggagttggggctgcactgggtttcgtcgttctaaaaggtgactcaagaagaactagaa
atattgagtgtgagtggaggcgactgagagaacagtgcagatgtgtggcagtttctaaca
gaatgtctctgtgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaggtgcagctggtgtagtctggggcagg
cttggcacatcctgggggtccccgagactctcctgtgcagcttctggatccaccttcagt
agctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaagggattggaatggggctcacat
taatcctaccggtggaggcacatactacccagactccatgaaaggccggttcaccatctc
cagagaaaacaccaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaataaacagtttgaaagctaacgacac
agctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtcagtgtgagcccagacacaa
acc
>BK063715|IGHV3-27*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1322675..1323170|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atggggtttgaactaagctgaattcttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
aatagagtgaatgagagtgagtggatacgagcaagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccgagatgtccgtgcatttgcaggtgttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
catagaggacctgagaaaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
cgcctgcagtagcttctgaattagctgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagtg
agtaatagatatgaaatatgatggaagtcagatataccatgcagactttgtgaagggcag
attctcaatctccaaaacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtctgaga
gctgaggacatggccatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaaatgaggaaacatcagtgtg
agtccagacacaaaat
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-27*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1773571..1774065|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggggtttgaactaagctgaattcttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
aatagagtgagtgagagtgagtggatacgagcgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccgagatgtccgtgcatttgcaggtgttcagtgtgagatgcagctgattgagtc
catagaggacctgagaaaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
cgcctgcagtagcttctgaattagctgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagta
agtaatagatatgaaatatgatggaagtcagatatacgatgcagactttgtgaagggcag
attctcaatctccaaaacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtctgaga
gatgaggacatggcatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaaatgaggaaacatcagtgtga
gtccagacacaaaat
>SBKD01000916|IGHV3-27*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105482..105977|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atggggtttgaactaagctgaattcttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
aatagagtgaatgagagtgagtggatacgagcaagaaaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccgagatgtccgtgcatttgcaggtgttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
catagaggacctgagaaaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
cgcctgcagtagcttctgaattagccgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagtg
agtaatagatatgaaatatgatggaagtcagatataccatgcagactttgtgaagggcag
attctcgatctccaaaacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtctgaga
gctgaggacatggccatgtatggctgtatataaggtcccaaatgaggaaacatcagtgtg
agtccagacacaaaat
>SBKD01011596|IGHV3-27*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|62893..63381|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
atggggtttgaactaagctgaattcttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
atagagtgatgagagtgagtggatacgagcaagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttct
gaccgagatgtccgtgcatttgcaggtgttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccata
gaggacctgaaaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagattcgcctg
cagtagcttctgaattagcgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctggagtgagtaata
gatatgaaatatgatggaagtcagatataccatgcagactttgtgaagggcagattctcg
atctccaaaacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagtctgagagctgagg
acatggccatgtatggctgtacataaggtcccaaatgaggaaacatcagtgtgagtccag
acacaaaat
>BK063715|IGHV3-28*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1317859..1318353|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagtttggcctaagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatgagga
aatagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactggatgcactgggttcgccaggcaccagggaaggggctggagtg
gatctcagctattaatagtgctggtagtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctctctattactgtgcgggagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121239|IGHV3-28*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|314552..315046|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| |rev-compl|
atggagtttggcctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatgagga
aatagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactactggatgcactgggttcgccaggcaccagggaaggggctggagtg
gatctcagctattaatagtgctggtagtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacggcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgggagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-28*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1768474..1768969|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atggagtttggcctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatgagga
aatagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttcgtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactactggatgctactgggttcgccaggcaccagggaaggggctggagt
ggatctcagctattaatagtgctggtagtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggca
gattcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctga
gagctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtg
agcccagacagaaacc
>SBKD01011596|IGHV3-28*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|58133..58623|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
atggagtttggcctaagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatgagga
aatagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttgtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagctactggatgctgggttcgccaggcaccagggaaggggctggagtggat
ctcagctattaatagtgctggtagtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcagatt
caccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgagagc
tgaggacacggctctctattactgtgcggagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccc
agacacaaacc
>DQ437806|IGHV3-28*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..495|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagtttggcctaagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatgagga
aatagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactggatgcactgggttcgccaggcaccagggaaggggctggagtg
gatctcagctattaatagtgctggtagtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacggcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgggagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>MT542466|IGHV3-28*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|47..518|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472|partial in 3'| |
  atggagtttggcctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatgagga
aatagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttcgtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactactggatgtactgggttcgccaggcaccagggaaggggctggagtg
gatctcagctattaatagtgctggtagtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagt
>BK063715|IGHV3-30*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1298456..1298949|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtggagaactagag
atactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgtttctaat
cacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggga
ggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgaggctctcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttc
agtaacgtctggatgaactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctagagtgggttgcc
cgtattaaaaggaaagctgatggtgagacagcagattacgccgcgtctgtgaaaggcaga
ttcaccatctcaagagacgattcaaagaacacactgtacctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaa
accgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>NW_001121239|IGHV3-30*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|335789..336289|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgt
ttctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtgcagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggggcaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactcctggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccaggcaaggggctagagtg
ggttgcccgtattaaaaggaaagctgacggtgagacagcagattacgccgcatctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctcaagagacgattcaaagaacacactgtacctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtca
atgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-30*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1748698..1749198|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgt
ttctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtgcagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggggcaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtaactcctggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctagagtg
ggttgcccgtattaaaaggaaagctgatggtgagacagcagattacgccgcatctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctcaagagacgattcaaagaacacactgtacctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtca
atgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000916|IGHV3-30*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|80701..81189|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaggtggagaactagaga
tactgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgtttctaatc
acgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggagg
cttggtccagcctgggggtcctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcagta
acgtctggatgaactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctagagtgggttgcccgta
ttaaaagcaaagctgatggtggacagcagattacgccgcgtctgtgaaaggcagattcac
catctcaagagacgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccga
ggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>SBKD01011596|IGHV3-30*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|38320..38811|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaaggtggagaactaga
gatactgagtgtgagggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggctgtttctaat
cacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagctctcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcag
taacgtctggatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctagagtgggttgcccg
tattaaaagcaaagctgatggtggaacagcagattacgccgcgtctgtgaaaggcagatt
caccatctcaagagacgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaac
cgaggacacggccgttgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagc
cagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-32*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1288868..1289359|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcaactggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcccccggatt
cacctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtcaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagt
ggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgcgcc
cagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-32*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|759362..759853|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacgtgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
cacctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtgaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagt
ggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgtgcc
cagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-32*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1738886..1739377|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttgatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
cacctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtcaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagt
ggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgtgcc
cagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000916|IGHV3-32*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|71166..71656|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctcctgattc
acctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtgg
gtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtcaagggccgattc
accatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagtg
gaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgtgccc
agacacaaacc
>SBKD01011596|IGHV3-32*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|28405..28896|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttgatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcaactggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcccccggatt
cacctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtcaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagt
ggaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgcgcc
cagacacaaacc
>DQ437804|IGHV3-32*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..492|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttgatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcccccggatt
cacctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtcaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagt
ggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgtgcc
cagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-34*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1276440..1276933|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagccatggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatacatagaga
aatagaaaaagttgagtgtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtttctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgaagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtaactactggatgttctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtagcacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccga
ttcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggctgtccattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-34*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|742085..742563|479 nt|1| | | | |479+0=479| | |
  atgctgagctgggttttcttgtgctatttaaaaggtatacatagagaaatagaaaaagtg
agtgtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactggatatgtgtggcagtttctgaccagggttt
cttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtctgggggaggcttggtc
cagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcagtaactac
tggatgttctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgggtctcaagtattagt
ggtagcagtagtagcacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccgattcaccatctccaga
gacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctgaggacacgact
gtccattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-34*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1726792..1727286|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagccatggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatacatagaga
aatagaaaaagttgagtgtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtttctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgaagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtaactactggatgttcaggtatccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtagcacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtccattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000916|IGHV3-34*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|58757..59250|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagccatggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatacatagaga
aatagaaaaagttgagtgtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtttctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgaagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtaactactggatgttcaggttccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtagcacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccga
ttcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggctgtccattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-35*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1259786..1260280|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggaatttgggctgagctgggttttccttgtagctattttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagataatgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtatgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtggattcacctt
cagtgtccacttcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtgggtagg
tttcatgagaaacaaagctaatggtggaacagcagaatacgccacgtctgtgaaaggcag
attcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgcctatctgcaaatgagcagcctaaa
caccgaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgccagaaacacagtgaggggaactcagtgtga
gcccagaaacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-35*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|725450..725939|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
  atggaatttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagataatgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgacagaaacagtggttatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggcgtatg
ggggaggcttggaacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtggattcaccttcagtg
accactacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtgggtaggtttca
tgagaaacaaagctaatggtggaacaacagaatacgccacgtctgtgaaaggcagattca
ctatctcaagagctgattccaaaagcatggccagtctgcaaatgagcagcctgaaaaccg
aggacacggccgtgtattactgtgccagaagcacagtgaggggaactcagtgtgagcgca
gaaacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-35*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1710139..1710633|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggaatttgggctgagctgggttttccttgtagctattttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagataatgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgga
gtatgggggaggcttggaacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtggattcacctt
cagtgtccacttcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtgggtagg
tttcatgagaaacaaagctaatggtggaacagcagaatacgccacgtctgtgaaaggcag
attcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgcctatctgcaaatgagcagcctaaa
caccgaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgccagaaacacagtgaggggaactcagtgtga
gcgcagaaacaaacc
>DQ437801|IGHV3-35*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..492|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggaatttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttgaaaggtaattcatggaga
actagagataatgagtgtgagtggaaatgagtgacagaaacagtggttatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggcgta
tgggggaggcttggaacagcccggggggtccctgagactctcctgtggattcaccttcag
tgaccactacatgagctgggtctgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtgggtaggttt
catgagaaacaaagctaatggtggaacaacagaatacgccacgtctgtgaaaggcagatt
cactatctcaagagctgattccaaaagcatggccagtctgcaaatgagcagcctgaaaac
cgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgccagaagcacagtgaggggaactcagtgtgagcg
cagaaacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-37*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1250436..1250930|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttgggccgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataagagtgagataaacagtggatacatgtggaagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgtagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactgcatggactgggtccgccaggcttcagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtaacacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-37*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|716108..716601|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagtcatggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatacatacaga
aatagaaaaagttgagtgtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtttctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgaggctctcctgtgcaacctctggattc
accttcagtaactactggatgttctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtagcacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccga
tttaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcccgaga
gccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-37*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1700778..1701270|493 nt|1| | | | |493+0=493| | |
  atggagtcatggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatacatagaga
aatagaaaaagttgagtgtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactgggtatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtttctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctccgggtccctgaggctctcctgtgcaacctctggattca
ccttcagtaactactggatgttctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtggg
tctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtagcacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccgat
tcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcccgagag
ccgaggacacagctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcaatgtgagc
ccagacacaaact
>SBKD01000916|IGHV3-37*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|32737..33234|498 nt|1| | | | |498+0=498| | |
  atggagtttgggccgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcattgaga
actattgaaattgagtgtgagtggataaaagtgagataaacagtggattcatgtagaagt
ttctgaccggggtttcttcttgtttgcaggtgtccagtctgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgtagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctacagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcaagtattagtcaacctagtggtagtaacacatactacttagaccctgtcaaggg
ccgattcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatgaacagcct
gagagccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtg
tgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-38*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1234595..1235095|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatgttaaaaggtgatttacggaga
actagagatgttgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgggtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaagggcctggagtg
ggttggccgtattagaaacaaagctaacagttacacaacagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctcaagggatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-38*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|700393..700893|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatgttaaaaggtgatttagggaga
actagagatgttcagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaagggcctggagtg
ggttagccgtattagaaacaaagctaacagttacacaacagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctcaagggatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagcgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-38*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1684790..1685288|499 nt|1| | | | |499+0=499| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctatgttaaaaggtgatttacggaga
actagagatgttgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagaaacagtggctatgggtggcagttt
ctgaccagggtgtctccgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctg
ggggcggcttggcacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattca
ccttcagtgaccactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaagggcctggagtggg
ttggccgtattagaaacaaagctaacagttacccgacagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaaag
gcagattcaccatctcaagggatgattcaaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgagcagcc
tgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagt
gtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-39*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1222922..1223422|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggtttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaaaa
ctagagatattgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggaggcctggtccagcctggggggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtgg
gttggccgtattagaagcaaaatctaacagttacccgacagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggctgattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacccggtgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagatgcaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-39*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|679980..680457|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggagtttgtactgagctgggtttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgatttatggagaa
ctagagatgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggat
tcaccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagt
gggttggccgtattagaagcaaatctaacannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
nnnattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccagatgcaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-39*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1672831..1673332|502 nt|1| | | | |502+0=502| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaaa
actagagatattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagaggaacagtgaatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcctggtccagcctggggggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggccgcattagaagcaaaatctaacagttacccgacagaatacgccacgtctgtga
aaggctgattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacccggtgtatctgcaaatgaaca
gcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacactgaggggaggtc
agtgtgagcccagacgcaaacc
>SBKD01001142|IGHV3-39*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|29478..29971|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgtactgagctgggtttccttgttgctatttaaaaggtgatttatggaaact
agagatgttgagtgtgagggaatgagtgagagaacagtggattgtgtggcagtttctgac
cagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtctggggga
ggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttc
agtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtgggttggc
cgtattagaagcaaatctaacagttacccgacagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaaaggctga
ttcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacccggtgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaa
accgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgag
cccagatgcaaacc
>AF173906|IGHV3-39*05|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..471|471 nt|1| | | | |471+0=471|partial in 3'| |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcgtt
tctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggat
tcaccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagt
gggttggtccgtattagaagcaaatctaacagttacccgacagaatacgccgcgtctgtg
aaaggctgattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacccggtgtatctgcaaatgaac
agcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtg
>BK063715|IGHV3-40*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1215790..1216294|505 nt|1| | | | |505+0=505| | |
atggggtttgtgctgacctggcatttacttgttactattttaaaagtagactcagggtga
actagagattttgagtgtgagtggataacagttaaggaaacactgaaaatatgtgccagt
ttctgaccaggatgcctctgtgtttttgggtgtccagtgtgaggcacagttggtggagcc
tggggtagacttggtacagcctggagggggtgtccctgagactctcctctgcagcctctg
gattcaccttcaggagccactggatgcactgagtgttccaggctccagggaacagactga
aatggatctcatgtattagcaatgatgggagtagcacacgttacgcacattctgtgaagt
tctgattccccatctccagaagcaatgtcgagaacaagaacacactctatctggaaatga
acagtttgagacctgagtacacagccatgtattactgtgccagagacacagtgaagggaa
gtcaggttgaacccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-40*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|672829..673332|504 nt|1| | | | |504+0=504| | |
atggggtttgtgctgacctggcatttacttgttactattttaaaagtggactcagggtga
actagagattttgagtgtgagtggataacagttaaggaaacactgaaaatatgtgccagt
ttctgaccaggatgcctctgtgtttttgggtgtccagtgtgaggcacagttggtggagcc
tggggtagacttggtacagcctggagtggtgtccctgagactctcctctgcagcctctgg
attcaccttcaggagccactggatgcactgagtcttccaggctccagggaacagactgaa
atggatctcatgtattagcaatgataggagtagcacacgttacacacattctgtgaagtt
ctgattccccatctccagaagcaatgtcgagaacaagcacacactctatctggaaatgaa
cagtttgagacctgagtacacagccatgtattactgtgccagagacacagtgaagggaag
tcaggttgaacccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-40*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1665513..1666017|505 nt|1| | | | |505+0=505| | |
atggggtttgtgctgacctggcatttacttgttactattttaaaagtagactcagggtga
actagagattttgagtgtgagtggataacagttaaggaaacactgaaaatatgtgccagt
ttctgaccaggatgcctctgtgtttttgggtgtccagtgtgaggcacagttggtggagcc
tggggtagacttggtacagcctggagtgggggtccctgagactctcctctgcagcctctg
gattcaccttcaggagccactggatgcactgagtcgtccaggctccagggaacagactga
aatggatctcatgtattagcaatgataggagtagcacacgttacgcacattctgtgaagt
tctgattccccatctccagaagcaatgtcaagaacaagaacacactctatctggaaatga
acagtttgagacctgagtacacagccatgtattactgtgccagagacacagtgaagggaa
gtcaggttgaactcagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-41*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1211972..1212451|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
atggagttgaggctgcgctgggttttgtttgttgttgttctaaaaggtgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgagtgtcagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggcagtttctgaccaga
atttctgtgtgtttgcaggtatccaatgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtctgggtgaggag
tgacacagccttgggggtccctgcgactgtcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcagta
gctatggcatgcactaggtggaccaagctccagggaaggggctggaatcagtcttacatg
aatgcaagtggtggaggcacatactactcagattctgtgaagggccaatacaccatctcc
agagtaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagataaacagcttgattgttgataccatg
gctgtctattactgtaagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtgagcccagacggaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-41*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|669011..669488|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atggagttgaggctgcgctgggttttgtttgttgttgttctaaaaggtgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgagtgtcagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggcagtttctgaccaga
atttctgtgtgtttgcaggtatccaacgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtctgggtgaggag
tgacacagccttgggggtccctgcgactgtcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcagta
gctatggcacgcactacgtggtccaagctccagggaaggggctggagtcagtcttacatg
aatgcaagtggtggaggcacatactactcagattctgtgaagggccgatacaccatctcc
agagtaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagatacagtttgattgttgatgccatggc
tgtctattactgtaagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtgagcccagacggaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-41*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1661702..1662181|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
atggagttgaggctgcgctgggttttgtttgttgttgttctaaaaggtgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgagtgtcagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggcagtttctgaccaga
atttctgtgtgtttgcaggtatccattgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtctgggtgaggag
tgacacagccttgggggtccctgcgactgtcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcagta
gctatggcacgcactaggtggaccaagctccagggaaggggctggagtcagtcttacatg
aatgcaagtggtggaggcacatactactcagattctgtgaagggctgatacaccatctcc
agagtaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagataaacagtttgattgttgatgccatg
gctgtctagtactgtaagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtgagcccagacaggaaac
>SBKD01011539|IGHV3-41*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1145..1625|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| |rev-compl|
atggagttgaggctgcgctgggttttgtttgttgttgttctaaaaggtgatcaagaagaa
ctagaaatattgagtgtcagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggcagtttctgaccaga
atttctgtgtgtttgcaggtatccaatgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtctgggtgaggag
tgacacagccttgggggtccctgcgactgtcctgtgcagcctctggattcaccttcagta
gctatggcatgcactaggtggaccaagctccagggaaggggctggaatcagtcttacatg
aatgcaagtggtggaggcacatactactcagattctgtgaagggccaatacaccatctcc
agagtaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcagataaacagcttgattgttgataccat
ggctgtctattactgtaagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtgagcccagacggaaac
c
>BK063715|IGHV3-46*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1197636..1198125|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttcaaaggtgattcatgggga
atgagttgaatgtacgtgaatatgagtgagagaaactgggaataagtgtggcagtttctg
accagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggcgcagctggtggagtctgggg
gaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacct
tcagtagcaccaggatgaactggatccgacagtctccagggaagaggctggagtgggtgg
ccgacataaagtaggatggaagtgagaaatactatgtagactctgtgaagggccgattca
ccatctccagagacaacaccaagaactccctctatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctg
aggacacagccgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccca
gacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-46*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|654544..655033|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttcaaaggtgattcatgggga
atgagttgaatgtacgtgaatatgagtgagagaaactgggaatatgtgtggcagtttctg
accaggatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggg
gaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtacagcctctggattcacct
tcagtagcaccaggataaactggatccgacagtctccagggaagaggctggagtgggtgg
ccgacataaagtacgatggaagtgagaaatactatgtagactctgtgaagggccgattca
ctatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccctctatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctg
aggacacagccgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccca
gacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-46*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1647728..1648217|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttcaaaggtgattcatggaga
atgagttgaatatacgtgaatatgagtgagagaaactgggaatatgtgtggcagtttctg
accagggtgtctctatgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggag
gaggctcggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacct
tcagtagcaccaggatgaactggatccgacaggctccagggaagaggctggagtgggtga
ctgacataaagtaggatggaagtgagaaatactatgtagactctgtgaagggccgattca
ccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccctctatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctg
aggacacagccgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccca
gacacaaacc
>SBKD01001142|IGHV3-46*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|54858..55346|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| |rev-compl|
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttgaaaggtgattcatgggaa
tgagttgaatgtacgtgaatatgagtgagagaaactgggaataagtgtggcagtttctga
ccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggcgcagctggtggagtctggggg
aggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtacagcctctggattcacctt
cagtagcaccaggatgaactggatccgacagtctccagggaagaggctggagtgggtggc
cgacataaagtaggatggaagtgagaaatactatgtagactctgtgaagggccgattcac
catctccagagacaacaccaagaactccctctatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctga
ggacacagccgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccag
acacaaacc
>SBKD01011539|IGHV3-46*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|15518..16007|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| |rev-compl|
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttcaaaggtgattcatggaga
atgagttgaatgtacgtgaatatgagtgagagaaactgggaatatgtgtggcagtttctg
accagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggg
gaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacct
tcagtagcaccaggatgaactggatccgacaggctccagggaagaggctggagtgggtgg
ctgacataaagtatgatggaagtgagaaatactatgtagactctgtgaagggccgattca
ccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccctctatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctg
aggacacagccgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagccca
gacacaaacc
>MT542455|IGHV3-46*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|541..1030|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
atggcgtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgttattttcaaaggtgattcatgggga
atgagttgaatgtacgtgaatatgagtgagagaaactgggaatatgcgtggcagtttctg
accttggtgtttctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggg
gaggcttggtacagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacct
tcagtagcaccaggatgaactggatccgacaggctccagggaagaggctggagtgggtgg
ccgacataaagtatgatggaagtgagaaatactatgtagactctgtgaagggccgattca
ccatctccagagacaatgccaagaactccctctatctgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctg
aggacacagccgtgtattactgtgtgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagtcca
gacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-48*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1190783..1191279|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| | |
atggggtttgaacaaagctgaatttttcttgttgttattttcaaaggtgactcacagaga
actagagtgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtcagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgactgagatgttcgtgcatttgcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
cacagaggacctgaaacaacctgggaagctcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
tgcctgcagtagcttgtgaattagccgaattcaccagtgtcccgggaaagggctgcagtg
agtaataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcagatatgccatggagactatgtgaagggcag
attctccatctccaaggacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgag
agctgaggacatggccctctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgt
gagtacagacacaaaat
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-48*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|647699..648195|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| | |
atggggtttgaacaaagctgaatttttcttgttgttattttcaaaggtgactcacagaga
actagagtgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtcagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgactgagatgttcgtgcatttgcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
cacagaggacctgagacaacctgggaagctcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
tgcctgcagtagcttctgaattagccgaattcaccagtctcccgggaaagggctgcagtg
agtaataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcagatatgccatggagactatgtgaagggcag
attctccatctccaaggacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgag
agctgaggacatggccctctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgt
gagtacagacacaaaat
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-48*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1640873..1641366|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
atggggtttgaaccaagctgaatttttcttgttattttcaaaggtgactcacagagaact
agagtgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtcagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttc
tgactgagatgttcatgcatttgcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccat
agaggacctgagacaacctgggaagctcctgagactctcctgtatagcctccagattcgc
ctgcagtagcttgtgaattagccaagttcaccagtgtccagggaaagggctgcagtgagt
aataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcagatatgccatggagactatgtgaagggcagatt
ctccatctccaaggacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagc
tgaggacatggccctctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgag
tacagacacaaaat
>SBKD01011539|IGHV3-48*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|22320..22813|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
atggggtttgaaccaagctgaatttttcttgttattttcaaaggtgactcacagagaact
agagtgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtcagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttc
tgactgagatgttcatgcatttgcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccat
agaggacctgaaacaacctgggaagctcctgagactctcctgtataaccttcagatttgc
ctgcagtagcttgtgaattagccaagttcaccagtgtccagggaaagggctgcagtgagt
aataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcagatatgccatggagactatgtgaagggcagatt
ctccatctccaaggacaatgttaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagc
tgaggacatggccctctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgtgag
tacagacacaaatt
>SBKD01001142|IGHV3-48*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|61661..62157|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| |rev-compl|
atggggtttgaacaaagctgaatttttcttgttgttattttcaaaggtgactcacagaga
actagagtgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtcagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgactgagatgttcgtgcatttgcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
cacagaggacctgagacaacctgggaagctcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
tgcctgcagtagcttgtgaattagccgaattcaccagtctcccgggaaagggctgcagtg
agtaataggtataaaatatgatggaagtcagatatgccatggagactatgtgaagggcag
attctccatctccaaggacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgag
agctgaggacatggccctctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggaaacatcagtgt
gagtacagacacaaaat
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-49*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1638100..1638586|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
atggggtttgggctaacctgggatttacttattactattttaaaagtggattcaaggtga
actagagattttgagtgtgagtggataaaggttaaagaaactgaaaatatatgccagttt
ctgaccagcatgcctctgttttcagtcgtctagtgtgaggtgcagttgctggagtctggg
ggagacttggaacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtacagtatctgggttcact
ttcagtagcaactggatgtactgggtctgccaggctccagggaaaggacttgagtgggtc
tcatgtgttagtagtgattggagtagcacacgctacacacattctgtgaagttctgattc
accatccccagaaacaatgccaagaacaccctctatctggaagtgaacagtttgagagct
gaggacacgaccatgtattactgtgccagacagtgcagggaagtcagggtaagcccagac
acaaacc
>SBKD01011539|IGHV3-49*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|25104..25590|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| |rev-compl|
atggggtttgggctgacctgggatttacttattactattttaaaagtggattcaaggtga
actagagattttgagtgtgagtggataaaggttaaagaaactgaaaatatatgccagttt
ctgaccaggatacctctgtgttttcagtcgtctagtgtgaggtgcagttgctggagtctg
ggggagacttggaacagcctggggggtcctgagactctcctgtacggtatctgggttcac
tttcagtagcaactggatgtactgggtctgccaggctccagggaaaggacttgagtgggt
ctcatgtgttagtagtgattggagtagcacacgctacacacattctgtgaagttctgatt
caccatcccagaaacaatgccaagaacaccctctatctggaaatgaacagtttgagagct
gaggacacgaccatgtattactgtgccagacagtgcagggaagtcagggtaagcccagac
acaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-5*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1484088..1484582|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
acggagtttggggcgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtggttcatggaga
agtagggatatttgctgtgagtggatataaatgagataaacagtggatgtatgtggcagt
ttatgatcatggtgcctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcctggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcatttggatt
caccttcagtagctactagatgcactgggttcaccaggctccagggaagtggctaaagtg
ggtctcagctatcagtaatggtggtattaacacatactacccagattctatgaagggcca
attcaccatctccagagacaccaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agtggaggacacggctgtgtattactgcatgagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtga
gcccagagagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-5*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|2001619..2002113|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
acggagtttggggcgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtggttcatagaga
agtagggatatttgctgtgagtggatataaatgagataaacagtggatgtatgtggcagt
ttatgatcatggtgcctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcctggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcatttggatt
caccttcagtagctactagatgcactgggttcaccaggctccagggaagtggctaaagtg
ggtctcagctatcagtaatggtggtattaacacatactacccagattctatgaagggcca
attcaccatctccagagacaccaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agtggaagacacggctgtgtattactgcatgagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtga
gcccagagagaaacc
>SBKD01000862|IGHV3-5*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|51082..51575|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
acggagtttggggcgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtggttcatggaga
agtagggatatttgctgtgagtggatataaatgagataaacagtggatgtatgtggcagt
ttatgatcatggtgcctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggagcctggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcatttggattc
accttcagtagctactagatgcactgggttcaccaggctccagggaagtggctaaagtgg
gtctcagctatcagtaatggtggtattaacacatactacccagattctatgaagggccaa
ttcaccatctccagagacaccaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaga
gtggaggacacggctgtgtattactgcatgagagacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgtgag
cccagagagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-5-1*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1992782..1993272|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
atgggattttgacagagctgggttttccttgttgttgtttttaaaggtgatagatggaga
actggagatattgagtgtgagtagataggagtgacagaaagggtggatatacgtggcagc
ttctaaccacagtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgagttgctgctggtggagtc
tggtggagacttggtacagcccgtggggtcctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatcc
accttcagtagttgctggatcagctgaataggccaggctccagggaaggggctgcagtga
gtaatagatgtaagtacaatggaagaaagacatactaagcagactctgggaagggcagat
tcaccgtctccagagacaactgccaacaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgaga
gccgacttggccctgtattgttgtgtgaaagataccaagtgatgggacatcagtgtgagc
ccagacacaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-5-2*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1988828..1989316|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489| | |
atggaatttaggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagatattgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgaaagtggttatgtgtggcagtttctga
ccttggtgtttctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggggg
aggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctt
cggtagctatggcatgcactgggcccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgggtctc
agctattaatactggtgggggtagcacatggtacacagactctgtaaagggcagattcac
catctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgagagctga
ggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccag
gcacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-5-3*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1935755..1936261|507 nt|1| | | | |507+0=507| | |
atggagttttggccgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggttaattcatggag
aagtagagacactgagtgtaaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggttatgcgtgacac
tcatatccactgtttctctgtcattgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgagatgcagctggt
ggagtctgggggagggttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagagtctcctgtgcagcctc
tggattcaccttcagtgaccactacatgtactggttccgccaggctccagggaaggggcc
ggagtgggtaggtttcattagaaataaagctaaaggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtc
tgtgaaaggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaaacgtcacctatctgcaaat
gagcagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggcg
aggtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542444|IGHV3-5-3*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|450..956|507 nt|1| | | | |507+0=507| | |
atggagttttggccgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggttaattcatggag
aagtagagacactgagtgtaaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggttatgcgtgacac
tcatatccactgtttctctgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgagatgcagctggt
ggagtctgggggagggttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctc
tggattcaccttcagtgaccactacatggagtggttccgccaggctccagggagggggcc
ggagtgggtaggtttcattagaaataaagctaaaggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtc
tgtgaaaggcagattcactatctcaagagatgattccaaaaacgtcacctatctgcaaat
gaacagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgagggg
aggtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-50*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1184542..1185042|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagttggggctgcactgggttttgctgttctaaaaggtgattcaagaagaactagaa
atattgagtgtgagtggaggcgagtgagagaaacagtgcagttgtgtggcagtttctaac
agaatgtctctgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaggtgcagctggtgtagtctgggggaggc
ttggcacatcctgggggtccccgagactctcctgtgggtcctcaagactcctgtgcagct
tctggattcaccttcagtagctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaaggga
ttggaatggggctcacattaatcctactggtggaggcacatactacccagactccgtgaa
aggctgattcaccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaataaacag
tttgaaagctaacgacacagctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-50*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|641484..641967|484 nt|1| | | | |484+0=484| | |
atggagttggggctgcactgggtttcgttgttctaaaaggtgactcaagaagaactagaa
atattgagtgtgagttggaggcgagtgagagaacagtgcagatgtgtggcagtttctaac
agaatgtctctgtgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaagtgcagctggtgtagtctgcgggag
gcttggcacatcctgggggtcacggagactctcctgtgcagcttctggattcaccttcag
tagctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaagggattggaatggggctcaca
ttaatcctactggtggaggcacatactacccagactccgtgaaaggccgattcaccatct
ccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgtaaataaacagtttgaaagctaacgaca
cagctgtctattacagtgtgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtcagtgtgagcccagacaca
aacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-50*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1634624..1635128|505 nt|1| | | | |505+0=505| | |
atggagttggggctgcactgggtttcgtcgttctaaaaggtgactcaagaagaactagaa
atattgagtgtgagtggaggcgagtgagagaaacagtgcagttgtgtggcagtttctaac
agaatgtctctgtgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaggtgcagctggtgtagtctgggggag
gcttggcacatcctgggggtccccgagactctcctgtgggtcctcaagactctcctgtgc
agcttctggatccaccttcagtagctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaa
gggattggaatggggctcacattaatcctactggtggaggcacatactacccagactccg
tgaaaggccgattcaccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaataa
acagtttgaaagctaacgacacagctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaa
gtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011539|IGHV3-50*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|28545..29043|499 nt|1| | | | |499+0=499| |rev-compl|
atggagttggggctgcactgggtttcgtcgttctaaaaggtgatcaagaagaactagaaa
tattgagtgtgagtggaggcgagtgagaaccgtgcagatgtgtggcagtttctaacagaa
tgtctctgtgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaagtgcagctggtgtagtctggggcaggctt
ggcacatcctgggggtccccgagactctcctgtgggtcctcaagactcctgtgcagcttc
tggattcaccttcagtagctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaagggatt
ggaatggggctcacattaatcctactggtggaggcacatactacccagactccgtgaaag
gccgattcactgtctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaataaacactt
tgaaagctaacgacacagctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtcagt
gtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01001142|IGHV3-50*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|67857..68350|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
atggagttggggctgcactgggttttgcgttctaaaaggtgatcaagaagaactagaaat
attgagtgtgagtggaggcgagtgagaacagtgcagtgtgtggcagtttctaacagaatg
tctctgtccactggtgttcaatgtgaagtgcagctggtgtagtctggggaggcttggcac
atcctgggggtcccgagactctcctgtgggtcctcaagactccctgtgcagcttctggat
tcaccttcagtagctatggcatgcgctaggtgcgccaagctccagggaagggattggaat
ggggctcacattaatcctactggtggaggcacatactacccagactccgtgaaaggctga
ttcaccatctccagagaaaacaccaagaactcactgtatctgcaaataaacagtttgaaa
gctaacgacacagctgtctattacagtgcgagagatccaatgaggaaaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-53*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1160594..1161089|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atggggattgagctaagctgaatttttcttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
agtagagtgagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattcagtc
catagaggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagtctctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
cgccttcagtagctactgaatgagctgggttcacaagactccagggaaggggctggaggg
agtaatagatataaatatgatggaagtcggatataccgtgtagactcagtgaagggcaga
ttctcgatctccaaagacaacactaagaactcgctgtatctgaaaatgaacagttggaga
gctgaggacatggccttctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggacgcatcagtgtg
agtccagacacaaaat
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-53*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|617184..617675|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
atggggattgagctaagctgaatttttcttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
aattgagtgagagtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagtttct
gaccaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggtgttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtccaca
gaggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagtctctcctgtgtagcctccagattcgcc
tgcagtagctactgaatgagctgggttcacaagactccagggaaggggctggagggagta
atagatataaatatgatggaagtcagatataccatgtagactctgtgaagggcagattct
cgatctccaaagacaatgctaggaactcgctgtacctgcaaatgaacagttggagagctg
aggacatggccctctatggctgtacagaaggtcccaggtgagcacacatcagtgtgagtc
cagacacaaaat
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-53*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1610218..1610714|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| | |
atggggattgagctaagctgaatttttcttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
aatagagtgagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggggttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
catagaggacctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagactctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
cgcctgcagtagcttctgaatgagctgagttcaccagtctccagggaaggggctgggggg
agtaatagatataaaatatgatggaagtcggatataccatgtagactgtgtgaagggcag
attctcgatctccaaagacaacactaagaactcgctgtatctgaaaatgaacagttggag
agctgaggacatggccttctatggctgtacataaggtcccaagtgaggacgcatcagtgt
gagtacagacacaaaat
>SBKD01000856|IGHV3-53*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|49748..50243|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| |rev-compl|
atggggattgagctaagctgaatttttcttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgactcatagaga
agtagagtgagtgagaatgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccaggatgtgtgcgtattttcaggttttcagtgtgaggtgcagctgattgagtc
cacagaggatctgagacaacctgggaagttcctgagtctctcctgtgtagcctccagatt
caccttcagtagctactgaatgagctgagttcacaagactccagggaaggggctggaggg
agtaatagatataaatatgatggaagtcggatataccatgtagactcagtgaagggcaga
ttctcgatctccaaagacaatgctaagaactcgctgtatctgaaaatgaacagttggaga
gctgaggacatggccctctatggctgtacagaaggtcccaggtgagcacacatcagtgtg
agtccagacacaaaat
>BK063715|IGHV3-54*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1156269..1156763|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atgaagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagatcgagtgggagtggacatgagtaagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcttggttcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatggcatgagctgggtccgccagactccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtggcagttatatggtatgatggaagtaagaaatactacgcagactctgtgaaggaccg
attcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaacatgctatatcttcaaatgaacaacctgaa
attggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgggagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-54*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|612858..613350|493 nt|1| | | | |493+0=493| | |
atgaagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgagtaagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctg
gaggaggcttggttcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattca
ccttcagtagctatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtggg
tggcagttatatggtatgatggaagtaagaaatactacgcagactctgtgaaggaccgat
tcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaacatgctatatcttcaaatgaacaacctgaaat
tggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagc
ccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-54*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1605453..1605947|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atgaagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgagtaagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcttggttcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtagctacggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtggcagttatatggtatgatggaagtaagaaatactacgcagactctgtgaaggaccg
attcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaacatgctatatcttcaaatgaacaacctgag
agtggaggacatggccgtgtattactgtgtgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gtccagacagaaacc
>SBKD01000856|IGHV3-54*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|54097..54591|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| |rev-compl|
atgaagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagatcgagtgggagtggacatgagtaagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcttggttcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtggcagttatatcgtatgatggaagtaagaaatactacgcagactctgtgaaggaccg
attcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaacatgctatatcttcaaatgaacaacctgaa
attggaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-58*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1135693..1136193|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
tctagagatgttgaatgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtcaagtgtgaggcgcagctgatggaaac
tggcggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggttggagtg
ggtaggattaattagaaacaaagctgatggtgagacaacagactacgctttatctgtgaa
aggcagattcactatctccagagatgattcgaaaagcatcacctatctgcaaatgaacaa
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaggaacacagtgaggggagatca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-58*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|600994..601494|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
tctagaaatgttgagtgtgaggggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtcaagtgtgaggcgcagctgatggaaac
tggcggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagactctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggttggagtg
ggtaggattaattagaaacaaagctgatggtgagacaacagactatgctgcatctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcgaaaagcatcacctatctgcaaatgaacaa
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaggaacacagtgaggggagatca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-58*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1590757..1591256|500 nt|1| | | | |500+0=500| | |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
tctagagatgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtcaagtgtgaggcgcagctgatggaaac
tggcggaggcttggtacagcctgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtgaccactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggttggagtgg
gtaggattaattagaaacaaagctgatggtgagacaacagactacgctgcatctgtgaaa
ggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcgaaaagcatcacctatctgcaaatgaacaac
ctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaggaacacagtgaggggaggtcag
tgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000856|IGHV3-58*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|60664..61164|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
tctagagatgttgaatgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatatgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtcaagtgtgaggcgcagctgatggaatc
tggcggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggttggagtg
ggtaggattaattagaaacaaagctgatggtgagacaacagactacgctttatctgtgaa
aggcagagtcactatctccagagatgattcgaaaagcatcacctatctgcaaatgaacaa
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaggaacacagtgaggggagatca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542445|IGHV3-58*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|48..525|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478|partial in 3'| |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattcatggaga
tctagagatgttgagtgtgaggggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagc
ttctgaccttggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtcaagtgtgaggcgcagctgatggaaac
tggcggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgaccactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggttggagtg
ggtaggattaattagaaacaaagctgatggtgagacaacagactacgctgcatctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcgaaaagcatcacctatctgcaaatgaacaa
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaggaacacagtgaggggaggt
>BK063715|IGHV3-59*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1127907..1128400|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcgtt
tgtgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtgactactacatgcactgggtccgccaggcttcagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcacgtattagtaatggtggtggtagcacatggtacgcagactccgtgaagggcaga
ttcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-59*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|593227..593720|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgcgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcgtt
tctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggcggcctggtaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtgactactacatgcactgggtccgccaggcttcagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcacgtattagtaatggtggtggtagcacatggtacgcagactccgtgaagggcaga
ttcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtattttcaaatggacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-59*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1582977..1583471|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgagtggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagggtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
cgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactacaacatgcactgggtccgccaggcttcagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcacgtattagtaatggtggtggtagcacatggtacgcagactccgtgaagggcag
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011540|IGHV3-59*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|2696..3189|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| |rev-compl|
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgcgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcgtt
tctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctctggattc
accttcagtgactactacatgcactgggtccgccaggcttcagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcacgtattagtaatggtggtggtagcacatggtacgcagactccgtgaagggcaga
ttcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgaga
gctgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-62*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1115642..1116131|490 nt|1| | | | |490+0=490| | |
  atggattttgtgctgagatgggttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatggaaa
atgagagatgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgaaagaaacagtggatatgtgcagcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtatg
ggggaggcttggcaaagcctggtgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcaggctctcaatt
caccttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccaggaatggcctggagtga
gttggacaagttaatcctaagggtggtagtacatatctcacagactccggaagggccgat
tcaccatctccagagataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaa
ccaaggacacagccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagccca
gacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3-62*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|580650..581141|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggattttgtgctgagatgggttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatggaaa
atgagagatgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgaaagaaacagtggatatgtgcagcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagta
tgggggaggcttggcaaagcctggtgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcaggctctcaa
ttcaccttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccaggaatggcctggagt
gggttggacaagttaatcctaagggtggtagtacatatctcacagactccggaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaa
aaccaaggacacagccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000856|IGHV3-62*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|80704..81185|482 nt|1| | | | |482+0=482| |rev-compl|
  atggattttgtgctgagatgggttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatggaaa
tgagagatgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgaaagaaacagtggatatgtgcagcagtt
tctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtgagtatg
ggggaggcttggcaaagcctggtggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagctctcaattca
ccttcagtactactacatgaactggtccaccaggctccaggaatggcctggagtggttgg
acaagttaatcctaagggtggtagtacatatctcacagactccggaagggccgattcacc
atctccagagataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaag
gacacagcctgtattgtacagagacacagtgagggagtacagtgtgagcccagacacaaa
ct
>SBKD01011512|IGHV3-62*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|68593..69078|486 nt|1| | | | |486+0=486| | |
  atggattttgtgctgagtgggttttgcttgttgctattttgaaaggcgatttatggaaat
gagagatgttgagtgtgagggacatgagtgaaagaaacagtggatatgtgcagcagtttc
tgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgg
gggaggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcaggctctcaattcac
cttcagtagctactacatgaactgtgtccaccaggctccagggaatggctggagtgggtt
ggacaagttaatcctaatggggtagtacatatctcacagactccggaagggccgattcac
catctccagagataacgccaagaacacgcttcatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaaccaa
ggacacagccttgtattgtaccagagacacagtgaggggagtacagtgtgagcccagaca
caaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-67*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1084603..1085097|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  gtggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgttgagtgtgagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttgatgattatgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctctgctattagttgggatggtggtagcacaggctatgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgggcagcctgag
agctgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgaga
gcccagacaaaaacg
>SBKD01000824|IGHV3-67*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|175831..176326|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
  atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgttgagtgtgagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttgatgattacgccatgcactgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctctggtattagttggagtggtggtagcacatactatgcagactccgtcaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgggcagcctgag
agctgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcaaagatacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgag
agcccagacacaaacg
>SBKD01011512|IGHV3-67*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|37855..38347|493 nt|1| | | | |493+0=493| | |
  gtggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgttgagtgtgagtgaatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tggggaggcgtggtacagcctgggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggattca
cctttgatgattatgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtggg
tctctgctattagttgggatggtggtagcacaggctatgcagactccgtgaagggccgat
tcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgggcagcctgagag
ctgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgagagc
ccagacaaaaacg
>MT542442|IGHV3-67*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|310..804|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagctgttgagtgtgaatgaacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactcttgtgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttgatgattacgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctctgctattagttgggatggtggtagcacaggctatgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatggacaggctgag
agctgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgaga
gcccagacacaaacg
>BK063715|IGHV3-7*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1475031..1475514|484 nt|1| | | | |484+0=484| | |
  atgggattttgacagagctgggttttccttgttgttgtttttaaaggtgatagatggaga
actggagatattgagtgtgagtagataggagtgacagaaagggtggatatacgtggcagc
ttctgatcacagtgtctctttgtttgcaggtggccagtgtgagttgctgctggtggagac
ttggtacagcccatgggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatccaccttcag
tagttgctggatcagctgaataggccaggctccagggaaggggctgcagtgagtaataga
tgtaaagtacaatggaagaaagacatactaagcagactctgggaagggcagattcaccgt
ctccagagacaacgccaacaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagccagact
tggccctgtattgttgtgtgaaagatgccaagtgatgggacatcagtgtgagcccagaca
caca
>SBKD01000862|IGHV3-7*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|60141..60625|485 nt|1| | | | |485+0=485| |rev-compl|
  atgggattttgacagagctgggttttccttgttgttgtttttaaaggtgatagatggaga
actggagatattgagtgtgagtagataggagtgacagaaagggtggatatacgtggcagc
ttctgatcacagtgtctctttgtttgcaggtggccagtgtgagttgctgctggtggagac
ttggtacagcccatgggggtcctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatccaccttcagt
agttgctggatcagctgaataggccaggctccagggaaggggctgcagtgagtaatagat
gtaaagtacaatggaagaaagacatactaagcagactctgggaagggcagattcaccgtc
tccagagacaacgccaacaactcgctgtatctgcaaatgaatagtctgagagccagactt
ggccctgtattgttgtgtgaaagatgccaagtgatgggacatcagtgtgagcccagacac
acaat
>BK063715|IGHV3-72*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1055393..1055884|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgtgctgagctgggttttccttgttgccatattagaaggtgattcatggaga
actagagacattgagtgtgagtggacgtgaatgacagaaacagtgaatatgtgtggcaat
ttctgatcatggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcaactggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggcgggtccctgagactgtcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatgctatgcagtgggttcaccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtatcagctattggtcctggtggtgacacatactatgcagacgccgtgaagggcagatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccttgtatcttcaaatgaacagcctgagagc
cgaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggacatcaatgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV3-78*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|997377..997871|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagtttggactgaggtgggttttgcttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagacgttgagtgtgaatgaacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttgatgattatgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctctgctattagttggaatggtgatagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagagaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaataaacaggctgag
agctgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgaga
gcccggacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3-78*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1009371..1009861|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
  atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgttgagtgtgaatgaacatgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagtttct
gaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactcttgtgtgcagcctctggattcacc
tttgatgattatgccatgcactgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtgggtc
tctgatattagctggagtggtggtagcacatactatgcagactccgtgaagggccgattc
accatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgaacaggctgagagct
gaggacacagccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgagagccc
agacaaaaacg
>SBKD01000824|IGHV3-78*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|88537..89028|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttggactgaggtgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagacgttgagtgtgatgaacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtct
gggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggattc
acctttgatgattatgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtgg
gtctctgctattagttggaatggtgatagcacaactatgcagactccgtgaagggccgat
tcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgacaggctgagagc
tgaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgagagcc
cagacaaaactc
>BK063715|IGHV3-8*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1471050..1471546|497 nt|1| | | | |497+0=497| | |
  atggaatttaggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgactcatggaga
actagagatattgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgaaagaaacagtggatatttgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagttggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctgggggctccctgagactctcttgtacaggctctggatt
caccttcagtagctactacatgtactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtctcagctattaatactggtgggggtagcacatggtacacagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccaaagagaacgccaagaacacactgtatcttcaaatggacagcctgag
agctgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgaaagacacacagtgaggagaagtcagtgt
gagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3S18*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1471965..1472424|460 nt|1| | | | |460+0=460| | |
  atggggtctgcactgatctgggcttcccttctcatcactctcagtattagggtcccatat
gaatcaggtacagctgtggttgctccagatgagactgttcttccatttcctctgtgtttg
cagaagtcttgtgtgaagtttattggtggagtcagagggggaaaattgtacagcccagca
gttcactgagactctcctgaaaagcctctgatttcacctttaccagctgcagcataagct
tggtccagcaggcttcatgacagggattggtgtgggtggcaacagtgagtgatcaagtca
gagttctcagatctccataagtacaaacaaattaacaatcccaagtgacaccctttcaag
tacagtctaccttacactgaccaacctgaaaaccaaggacaaggccttgtattactgtga
gagacacaggagagggaacatctgggtgagctcagacaca
>NW_001122023|IGHV3S3*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|41344..41844|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattgatggtaa
actagagacactgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgtgagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagt
ttctcaccaggctttctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagagtgaggtgcagttggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttggtgattatggcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtg
ggtaggtttaattagaaactaagctaatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcgaaaagctttgccagtctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagttaagggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011377|IGHV3S3*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|26538..27038|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| |rev-compl|
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttttgctattttaaaaggtaattgatggtaaa
ctagagacactgagtgtgagtggacatgagttgagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagttt
ctcaccaggctttctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagagtgaggtgcagttggtggagtctg
gggggaggcttggtacagctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattca
cctttggtgattatggcatgagctgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtggg
taggtttaattagaaactaagctaatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtctgtgaaag
gcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcgaaaagctttgccagtctgcaaatgagcagca
ctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagttaagggaggtcag
tgtgaagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV3S4*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|48078..48572|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagttgggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
acttgagagattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggctttctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctagtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttacgacatgagctgggtccgccaggctctgggaaagggactggagtg
ggtctcatccattagtaacactggtaaaaccatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctgaa
aaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagggacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437793|IGHV3S4*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..495|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
  atggagttgggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
acttgagagattgagtgtgagtggatatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccaggctttctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctagtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttacgacatgagctgggtccgccaggctctgggaaagggactggagtg
ggtctcatccattagtaacactggtaaaaccatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctgaa
aaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagggacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtga
gcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001149609|IGHV3S40*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|32062..32576|515 nt|1| | | | |515+0=515| |rev-compl|
  atggagtcgtggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttgaaaggtaattcccagaga
aatagaaaaattgagtgtgagtggataagggtgagataaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ctctgaccaggttttttgtttgtttgttttgtttgtttgtttgtttttgcaggtgtccgg
tgtgaggtgcagcgggtggagtctgggggaggcttggtgcaacctggggggtccctgaga
ctctcctgtgcagcatctggattcaccatcagtagctcctggatgaactgggacttccag
gctccaggaaaggggctggagtgtgtctcacatattagtagtggtgttagcacagactac
ccagattctatcaagggccaattcaccatctccagagacaataccgagaccatgctgtat
gtgcaaatgaacagcctgagagctgaggacatggctgtgaattactgtgcaagagacaca
gtgagaggaaggcagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001157574|IGHV3S41*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|449..942|494 nt|1| | | | |494+0=494| | |
  atggagtcatggctgagctgggtttttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatacatggaga
aatagaaaaagttgagagtgagtgaatcagagtgagataaactggatatgtgtggcagtt
tctgaccagggtttctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtagagtct
gggggaggcttagtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgcaacctctggattc
accttcagtaactactggatgtactggttccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtgg
gtctcaagtattagtggtagcagtagtaacacatactacccagactctgtcaagggccga
ttcaccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgaga
gccgaggacacggctgtctattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgag
cccagacacaaacc
>NW_001202061|IGHV3S43*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|625..1116|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
gctagagagattgactgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtgggtttgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttgatgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcaactggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcccccggatt
cacctcgggtaactctgacttgatctggatccgccaggctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctcatacattagtagtggtggtagcatatactactcagactctgtcaagggccgatt
caccatctccagagacaacgccaagaacacgctgtatctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagt
ggaggacacggctgtgtattactgtgcaaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcattgtgcgcc
cagacacaaacc
>SBKD01001066|IGHV3S44*01|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|4053..4545|493 nt|1| | | | |493+0=493| |rev-compl|
  gtggagattgggctggcctgggttttccttgttgctgttttaaaaggtgattcattgaga
actagagatactgagtgtgagtggacatgagtgagagaaacagcagacacatctgaccat
ttctgcccagggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagcc
tgggggaggcctggtacagcctggaggatccatgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctatggcatgagctgggttcaccagactccagggaaggggttggagtg
ggtctcaactattagtggtaatggagttagcacatggtacccagatgctgtgaagggtca
attcaccatctccagaaacaataccaaaaactccctgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
tgttgaggatatagccgtgtattactctgcaaaagacacagtgagcagaagtcactgagc
ccagacagaaacc
>AF173908|IGHV3S46*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..469|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
atggagtttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctcttttgaaaggtaattgagagtga
agtagaaatactgtgtgtgaggagacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtttggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctttttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggcggcttggcaaagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgcgcagcctccggatt
caccttcagtgattatgctatggactgggtccgccaggctccaggaaaggggctggagtg
ggtgggtttcattagaagcaaagcttatggtgggacagcagaatacgccgcgtttgtgaa
aggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtg
>IMGT000099|IGHV3S48*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|600141..600643|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggctgagctggggttttcttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctggagacctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatacgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gtgtgtcagcttctgatcgctgtgtctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggtgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctactacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaataa
actgtgagatctgaggacgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacacg
>SBKD01000728|IGHV3S48*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|301702..302204|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| |rev-compl|
atgactcaccttagaatttgggctgagctggggtttttttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctggagatctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gtgtgtcagcttctgatcgctgtgtctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggcgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctgctacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaataa
actgtgagatctgaggatgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV3S51*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|319558..320048|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
acttgagagattgagtgtgagtgaatatgagagaaacagtgggtctgtgtggcagtttct
gaccaggatgtctctttatttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcttggtccagcctggagggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacc
ttcagtagttacgacatgagctgggtccgccaggctccgggaaaggggctggagtgggtc
tcatccattagtagtgctagtagttacatatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattc
accatctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaaacc
gaggacacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagccc
agacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3S52*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|312467..312967|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtctgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtaattgatggtaa
actagagacactgagtgtgaatggacgtgagtgagagaaacagtggctataggtggcagt
ttctcatgcgggtgtctctgtgttcgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagagtctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtgactactacatgcagtgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggccggagtg
ggtaggtttaattagaaacaaagctaacggtggcacaacagaatagtccgcatctgtgaa
aggcagatgcaccatctcaagagatgattccaaaagcatcgccagtctgcaaatgagcag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011841|IGHV3S53*01|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|19476..19957|482 nt|1| | | | |482+0=482| | |
atggagttgggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctttttaaaaggtgattcatggagaaa
tagagagatgagtgtgagggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagtttct
gaccttggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacc
ttcagtagcatgcatgactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaaggggctggagtgggttgg
agtattagaagcaaatggtgaatagcacatatacgccgctccgtgaaaggcagattcacc
atctccagagatgattcaagaacacgcttctgcaaatgaacagcctgaaacgaggacacg
gccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggaggtcagtgtgagcccagacacaaa
cc
>SBKD01011841|IGHV3S54*01|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|14407..14893|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcagggaaa
actagagaggttgaggatatgagtgagagaaacagtggatttgtgtggcagtttttgacc
agggtgtctctttgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtctgggggag
gcttggtccagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggattcacctttg
gtgattatggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccgggaaagggactggagtgagtctcat
ccattagtaacactggtaaaaccgtatactacgctgactccgtgaagggccgattcaccg
tctccagagacaacgccaagaactcgctgtctctgcaaatgagcagcctgagagccgagg
acacggccgtgtattactgtactagagacacagtgaggcgaggtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV3S55*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|301569..302071|503 nt|1| | | | |503+0=503| | |
atgactcaccttagaatttgggcggagctggggttttcttgttgctattttaaaagatga
ttcctggagatctgaagatatttattgtggatgtatatgagtgagagaaacagtagatat
gggtgtcagcttctgatcgctgtatctctgtgtttccaggtgtccggtgtgaggtgcagc
tggtggagatttctggaggcttggtaaagccttgggtgtccctgagactctcctgtggtg
cctctgggttcagtttcagtagctgctacatggactcggtccaccaggcttcagggaagg
ggctagagtgggtctcatgaattagtagtgatggaactagcacatactatgcagatgcca
tgaagggttgattcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaagtccctttatctgcaaatac
actgtgagatctgaggacgttgctgtgtattaatgtcttagagacaaagtgaggggagat
cagtgtgagcccagacacacaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV3S56*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|207765..208259|495 nt|1| | | | |495+0=495| | |
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgttgagtgtgaatgaacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcgtggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactcttgtgtgcagcctctggatt
cacctttgatgattacgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtg
ggtctctgctattagttgggatggtgatagcacaggctatgcagactccgtgaagggccg
attcaccatctccacagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatgggcagcctgag
agctgaggacacagccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgaga
gcccagacaaaaacg
>DQ437792|IGHV3S61*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..491|491 nt|1| | | | |491+0=491| | |
atggagtttggactgagctgggttttcctkgttgctattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagacgttgagtgtgaatgaacatgagagaaacagtggatctgtgtggcagtttct
gaccagggtgtatctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaagtgcagctggtggagtctggg
ggaggcctggtacagcctggggggtccctgagactctcgtgtgcagcctctggattcacc
tttgatgattatgccatgggctgggtccgccaagctccagggaagggtctggagtgggtc
tctggtattagctggagtgggggtagcacaggctatgcagactccgtcaagggccgattc
accatctccagagacaacgccaagaactccctgtatctgcaaatggacaggctgagagct
gaggacaccgccttgtattactgtgcgagagacacggtgaggggaagtcagtgagagccc
agacacaaacg
>DQ437803|IGHV3S62*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..501|501 nt|1| | | | |501+0=501| | |
atggagtttgtactgagctgggttttccttgttgccattttaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgcccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtattagaagcaaatctaacaattacgcgacagaatacgccgcatcggtgaa
aggcaggttcaccatctccagagatgattcaaagaacacggcgtatctgcaaatgaacag
cctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtaccacagacacagtgaggggaggtca
gtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437837|IGHV3S63*01|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..500|500 nt|1| | | | |500+0=500| | |
atggagtttgcactgagctgggttttccttgttgctatattaaaaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagatgtggagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagaggaacagtggatatgtgtggcagt
ttctgaccagggtgtctctgtgtttgcaggtgcccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tgcgggaggcctggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagaccctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagttctgctatgcactgggtccgccaggcttctgggaaaggactggagtg
ggttggacgtattagaagcaaatctaacattacgagacaggatacgctgcgtcggtgaaa
ggcagattcaccatctccagagatgattccaagaacccggtgtatctgcaaatgaacagc
ctgaaacccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgtgctagagacacagtgaggggagatcag
tgtgagcccagacggaaacc
>MT542452|IGHV3S64*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|450..945|496 nt|1| | | | |496+0=496| | |
atgaagtttaggctgagctgggttttccttgttgctattttaagaggtgattcatggaga
aatagagagattgagtgggagtggacatgtatgagagaaacagtggataagtgtggcagt
ttctgaccttggtgtctctctgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcagctggtggagtc
tggaggaggcttggttcagcctggggggtccctgagactctcctgtgcagcctctggatt
caccttcagtagctacggcatgcactgggtccgccaggctccagggaaggggctggagtg
ggtggcaattatatattatgatggaagtcagaaatactacgcagactctgtcaagggccg
attcaccatctccagagacaattccaagaacacactgtatctgcaaatgaacagcctgag
agccgaagacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgaaagacacagtgaggggaagtcagttgtg
agcccagacacaaacc
>MT542460|IGHV3S66*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|48..536|489 nt|1| | | | |489+0=489|partial in 3'| |
  atggagttggggctgagctgggttttccttcttgttgctattttaaaaggtaatgcaaag
ttatctcaataactagagatgttgagtgtgaggggacatgagtgagagaaacagtggata
tgtgtggctgtttctaatcacgatgtctttgtgtttgcaggtgtccagtgtgaggtgcag
ctggtggagtctgggggaggcttggtccagcctggcgggtccctgagactctcctgtgca
gcctccggattcaccttcagtgactactacatggactgggtccgccaggctccagggaag
gggctggagtgggttggatttattaaaaacaaagctgatggtggaacagcagattacgcc
gcgtctgtgaaaggcagattcaccatctcaagagatgattcaaagaacacactgtacctg
caaatgaacagcctgaaaaccgaggacacggccgtgtattactgcaccacagacacagtg
aggcgaggt
>BK063715|IGHV4-106*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|790164..790641|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgatgattact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatctatg
gtagtggtgggggcaccaactacaatccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaatag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-106*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|264277..264835|559 nt|1| | | | |559+0=559| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcttgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgatgattact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatnnnnn
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnncagttctccctgaagctgagctctgt
gaccgccgcggacacggccgtgctattaatgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagt
gtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-106*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|838607..839081|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcagg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccttcagcggttactact
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatcagtggta
gtagtgggagcaccgactacaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV4-106*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|73676..74149|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctgctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagtagttactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggggagatcaatggta
atagtggtagcacctactacaaccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacgc
gtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgta
ttactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542404|IGHV4-106*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..615|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcagg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccttcagcggttactact
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatcagtggta
gtagtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-122*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|674429..674909|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtaagtgtctcggg
gatgaagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcaccgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagttact
actactggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatct
atggtggtagtgggagcaccagctacaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
gagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-122*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|146489..146966|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtcttggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggttgtctctgattccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtggttact
actactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatca
cttatagtgggagcaccagctacaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaagag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-122*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|706450..706929|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcggctcccaaatgtgagggtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggt
gaagccttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtgg
ttatggctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacat
ctcttatagtgggagcaccagctacaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaag
agacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggc
cgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-127*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|643055..643532|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtg
gtagtagtggtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV4-127*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|228994..229468|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagccccagggaagggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtggt
agtagtggtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV4-127*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|242556..243033|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtg
gtagtagtggtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542410|IGHV4-127*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|218..695|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcagtg
gtagtagtggtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-143*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|535808..536285|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcactgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggggtatctatg
gtaatagtgcgagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-147*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|515269..515743|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtagtgggagcaccagctacaacccctccctcacgagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggagggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542386|IGHV4-147*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|117..585|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtagtgggagcaccagctacaacccctccctcacgagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttcttcctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagaca
>BK063715|IGHV4-160*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|383326..383800|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctgctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgacatgggaggttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-160*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1400238..1400712|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggagactgtctctgatcccagggctcaccgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgcccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaatagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01001069|IGHV4-160*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1414..1887|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| |rev-compl|
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggagactgtctctgatcccagggctcaccgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgcccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaatagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgagggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542380|IGHV4-160*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..579|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggaggttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgctcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgcccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaagagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542387|IGHV4-160*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|117..585|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctgctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcaccgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagaca
>BK063715|IGHV4-165*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|306444..306918|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggtagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggagctggatccgccaacccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtggta
gtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-165*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1354..1828|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagagctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggaactggatccgccaacccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtggta
gtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacggaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagaaacacagtgagaggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-165*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1336244..1336718|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggaactggatccgccaacccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatcggtggta
gtagtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01001069|IGHV4-165*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|65057..65524|468 nt|1| | | | |468+0=468| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgattactactg
gaactggatccgccaacccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtagtag
tggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacggacacgtcc
aagaaccagttctcctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacgccgtgtattactg
tgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542397|IGHV4-165*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|216..690|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcaaatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggaactggatccgccaaacaccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtggta
gtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagaaacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-169*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|291792..292265|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtctgtcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagaacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-169*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|476993..477467|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtctgtcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagcgacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-169*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1321562..1322036|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtctgtcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011376|IGHV4-169*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|19121..19594|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtcctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctactg
gagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggtag
tggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacac
gtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgta
ttactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV4-169*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|345364..345837|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctgctagtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtcttggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
ctttggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggtag
tggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacac
gtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgta
ttactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542343|IGHV4-169*06|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|215..689|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542347|IGHV4-169*07|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..615|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtctgtcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542412|IGHV4-169*08|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|511..985|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtctgtcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccgtgt
attactgtgcgagcgacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-173*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|265980..266454|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgagaggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542351|IGHV4-173*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..615|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagagctcaccgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtacagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-192*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|83574..84065|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagcttccagatgtgagcgtctctag
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgcgtctgagcccaggactcacagtgcgtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
ctccggagaccctgtccctcacctgtgctgtctctactgactccatcagcagtggtaact
ggtggagctgggtccgccagcccccatggaaggggctggaatggattgggtacatctatt
atagtgggagcagctactaggagttgagtcaccgcgagttgagtccctcaggagttgagt
gaccgcgtcagtagacacgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgc
cgcggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV4-192*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|223177..223668|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| |rev-compl|
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagcttccagatgtgagcgtctctag
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtctgagcccaggactcacagtgcgtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagttgggcccaggactggtgaagc
ctccggagaccctgtccctcacctgtgctgtctctactgactccatcagcagtggtaact
ggtggagctgggtccgccagcccccatggaaggggctggaatggattgggtacatctatt
atagtgggagcagctactaggagttgagtcaccgcgagttgagtccctcaggagttgagt
gaccgcgtcagtagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgc
cgcggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-192*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1116955..1117446|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagcttccagatgtgagcgtctgtag
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgcgtctgagcccaggactcacagtgcgtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
ctccggagaccctgtccctcacctgtgctgtctctactgactccatcagcagtggtaact
ggtggagctgggtccgccagcccccatggaaggggctggaatggattgggtacatctatt
atagtgggagcagctactaggagttgagtcaccgcgagttgagtccctcaggagttgagt
gaccgcgtcagtagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgc
cgcggacaccgccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000813|IGHV4-192*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|8650..9141|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagcttccagatgtgagcgtctctag
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgcgtctgagcccaggactcacagtgcgtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagttgggcccaggactggtgaagc
ctccggagaccctgtccctcacctgtgctgtctctactgactccatcagcagtggtaact
ggtggagctgggtccgccagcccccatggaaggggctggaatggattgggtatatctatt
atagtgggagcagctactaggagttgagtcaccgcgagttgagtccctcaggagttgagt
gaccgcgtcagtagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgc
cgcggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011504|IGHV4-192*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|21543..22034|492 nt|1| | | | |492+0=492| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagcgtctctag
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgcgactgagcccaggactcacagtgcgtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
ctccggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctactgactccatcagcagtggtaact
ggtggagctgggtccgccagcccccatggaaggggctggaatggattgggtacatctatt
atagtgggaacagctactaggagttgagtcaccgcgagttgagtccctcaggagttgagt
gaccgcgtcagtagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgc
cgcggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcc
cagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-5-1*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1967436..1967910|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgctgatatgacgatatgggaggctgtttctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccttcagcagtgactggt
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggagtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaactaccttaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgaatgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542402|IGHV4-5-1*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..573|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgctgatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccttcagcagtgactggt
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggagtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaactaccttaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggagatgagtgtgagcccagaca
>BK063715|IGHV4-57*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1139223..1139697|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgtcacagggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggccaggactggtgaagcctt
cggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctggta
gtggtgggagcaccagctacaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggagggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-57*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|604523..605000|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctg
gtagtggtgggagcaccagcgacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaatcagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaaacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-57*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1594286..1594761|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
atgaagcatctgtggtttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcgg
ggatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctct
ctgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctacaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaag
ccttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttat
ggctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtacatctct
tatagtgggagcagctactacaccccgtccttcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaatagac
acgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542344|IGHV4-57*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..582|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctg
gtagtggtgggagcaccagctacaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggagggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542375|IGHV4-57*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|335..808|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
atgaagtatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
atgcagatatgatgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctct
gttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcaggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagtagtaactggtg
gagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctggtag
tggtgggagcaccagctacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagacac
gtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgta
ttactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-65*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1100816..1101293|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgataagggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggcctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacatgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaagggctggagtggattgggtatatcagtg
gtagtagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-65*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|565477..565954|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctgctggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgactatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaagggctggagtggattgggaatatcggtg
gtagtagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-65*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1555515..1555991|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
atgaagcatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
atgcagttatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctct
gttcataggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaactg
gtggagctggatccgccaacccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcagtgg
taatagtgcgagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaaga
cacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011512|IGHV4-65*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|54000..54469|470 nt|1| | | | |470+0=470| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgttcgggg
atgcagatatgacgataagggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctct
gttcacaggggtcctgtccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggccaggactgtgaagccttc
ggagaccctgtccctcacatgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtactggtgg
agctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggctggagtggattgggtatatcatggtagtag
tggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacacgtcc
aagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtattac
tgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542381|IGHV4-65*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|509..986|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgataagggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggcctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacatgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaagggctggagtggattgggtatatcagtg
gtagtagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-73*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1033148..1033625|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtttcggg
aatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccaaggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgaagctgcagcagtggggcgaaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctatggtggctccatcagcggttactact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtaatagtgcgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-73*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1046165..1046642|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctgctggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtttcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccaaggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgaagctgcagcagtggggcgaaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctatggtggctccatcagcgattactact
actggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtaatagtgcgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000824|IGHV4-73*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|124263..124740|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtttcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccaaggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgaagctgcagcagtggggcgaaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctatggtggctccatcagcggttactact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtaatagtgcgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542367|IGHV4-73*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|510..984|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggtacttcctcctcctgctggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtttcggg
gatgcagatacgaggatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgaagctgcagcagtggggcgaaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctatggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggaatattgatggta
atagtgcgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-76*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1013505..1013982|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctgtgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggaggctctatcagcggtggttatg
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtagtagtgggagcaccaactacaacccgtccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-76*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1025893..1026370|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatataacgatatgggaggctgtctgtgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggaggctctatcagcagtggttatg
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtagtagtgggagcaccaactacaacccgtccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acgcgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000824|IGHV4-76*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|104670..105146|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtagtagtgggagcaccactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaaga
cacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542417|IGHV4-76*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..618|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatataacgatatgggaggctgtctgtgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggaggctctatcagcagtggttatg
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtagtagtgggagcaccaactacaacccgtccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acgcgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-80*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|980421..980895|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtttctcatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagtagttactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggggagatcaatggta
atagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacg
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagatacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000824|IGHV4-80*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|71610..72084|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtttctcatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccttcagcagttactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggggagatcaatggta
atagtgggagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacg
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542385|IGHV4-80*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|364..838|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctgctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagtagttactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggggagatcaatggta
atagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacg
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542382|IGHV4-80*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|335..809|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtttctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcactgtctctggtgcctccatcagtagttactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggggagatcaatggta
atagtgggagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacg
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccaccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-81*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|965710..966190|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatttgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactgg
tgaagccttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtt
actactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggaatattg
atggtaatattgcgggcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
aagacacgtccaagaatcagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagaaacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>BK063715|IGHV4-86*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|923073..923549|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgtgactatctatg
gtagtattgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacacaaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-86*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|977935..978411|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
atgcagatatgacgatatgggaggttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctct
gctcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcaggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttccgagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatgg
ctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgagtatatcggtgg
tagtagtgggagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacaga
cacatccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000824|IGHV4-86*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|14046..14516|471 nt|1| | | | |471+0=471| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttcgagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctcaggtggctccatcagcggtggttatggc
tggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggatatctatggta
gtatgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaagacaca
caagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtatta
ctgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-92*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|875093..875570|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctg
gtagtggtgggagcaccagcgacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaatcagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagaaacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-92*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|345950..346575|626 nt|1| | | | |626+0=626| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggatnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnna
gggactggagtggattggacgtatctctggtagtggtggagcaccagcgacaacccctcc
ctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaagacacgtccaagaatcagttctccctgaagctg
agctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtattactgtgcgagaaacacagtgagggga
ggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-92*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|929888..930362|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggagtttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagctact
ggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatggtg
gtagtgggagcaccagctacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttttccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcgcagacacaaacc
>SBKD01000856|IGHV4-92*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|188298..188769|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| |rev-compl|
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctctg
gtagtggagcaccagctacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaagacacg
tccaagaatcagtttccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccgtgtatt
actgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542389|IGHV4-92*05|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..615|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatctatggtg
gtagtgggagcaccagctacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttttccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccgtgt
attactgtgcgagatacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-93*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|860057..860534|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcttcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccagcagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaaggggctggaatggattgggggtatctatg
gtagtggtgggagcaccgaatacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-93*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|331048..331525|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcttcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccagcagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaaggggctggaatggattgggggtatctatg
gtagtggtgggagcaccgaatacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaatag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-93*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|914839..915313|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
atgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcacgagtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcagcagtggggcgaaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactggt
ggagctagatccgccagcccccagggaaggcactggagtggattggggagatcaatggta
atagtgcgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcactatttcaaaagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttcttcctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542376|IGHV4-93*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..618|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcttcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccagcagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagtccccagggaaggggctggaatggattgggggtatctatg
gtagtggtgggagcaccgaatacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV4-93*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|4029..4496|468 nt|1| | | | |468+0=468| |rev-compl|
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgttactactg
gagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggctggagtggattgggtatctatggtagtgt
ggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaagacacgtccaa
gaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtattactg
tgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV4-99*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|819329..819806|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcaag
gatccagacatgaaggtatgggagactgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggtctctt
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttact
actggggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaagggactggagtatattgggtatatcagtg
gtagtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4-99*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|294190..294667|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcaag
gatccagacatgaaggtatgggagactgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggtctctt
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttact
actggggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaagggactggagtatattgggtatatcagtg
gtagtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4-99*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|868308..868779|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcaag
gatccagacatgaaggtatgggagactgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggtctctt
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcactgtctctggtggctccttcagcagttactggt
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggcatatcagtagtg
gtgggagcaactaccttaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacacgt
ccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtatt
actgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542408|IGHV4-99*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|278..755|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcaag
gatccagacatgaaggtatgggagactgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggtctctt
tgtttacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttact
actggggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaagggactggagtatattgggtatatcagtg
gtagtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggcgg
tgtattactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4S10*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|520488..520965|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcaaatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgatagttact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatctatg
gtagtagtacgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccttgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4S10*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1511156..1511633|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcaaatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgatagttact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatctatg
gtagtagtacgagcaccaactacaacccgtccctcaaaagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccttgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542423|IGHV4S10*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..577|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473|partial in 3'| |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tattcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgatagttacc
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtacatctatg
gtagtagtacgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccttgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggagttaaatgtgagcccagacaa
>NW_001127089|IGHV4S13*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|204..684|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
ggtgcagatatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctatttccagggctcactgtgggtttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtggttact
actactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatct
atagtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
aagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>IMGT000099|IGHV4S13*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1483914..1484394|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctatttccagggctcactgtgggtttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtggttact
actactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatct
atagtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
aagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccaccgcggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>DQ437839|IGHV4S13*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctccttgtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgacatgggagactgtctctatttccagggctcactgtgggtttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatctata
gtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542424|IGHV4S13*04|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|117..588|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472|partial in 3'| |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctatttccagggctcactgtgggtttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtctcaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggagtatctata
gtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctctctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccacggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggagatgagtgtgagcccagaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV4S14*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|236885..237362|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacggtatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcggttactacc
tctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtg
gtagtagtggtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542427|IGHV4S14*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|219..696|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacggtatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcggttactacc
tctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtg
gtagtagtggtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV4S15*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|191053..191530|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggcctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactgttgaagc
cttcagacaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatg
gctggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggagtatctata
gtagtaatgggaacacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaaactgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542415|IGHV4S15*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..618|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcatctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtcttggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactgttgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatg
gctggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggagtatctata
gtagtagtgggaacacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542416|IGHV4S15*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|117..588|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472|partial in 3'| |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtcttggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactgttgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatg
gctggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggagtatctata
gtagtagtgggaacacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagaca
>IMGT000099|IGHV4S16*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|138439..138919|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctatttccagggctcactgtggttttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggcaccatcagcagtggttact
actactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatct
atagtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
aagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctaaagctgagctctgtgaccgccacggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>MT542419|IGHV4S16*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|496..976|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctatttccagggctcactgtggttttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggcaccatcagcagtggttact
actactggagctggatccgccagccccgagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatct
atagtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
aagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctaaagctgagctctgtgaccgccacggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>MT542420|IGHV4S16*03|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|218..698|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gattcagatatgacgacatgggaggctgtctctatttccagggctcactgtggttttctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggcaccatcagcagtggttact
gctactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatct
atagtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
aagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctaaagctgagctctgtgaccgccacggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>IMGT000099|IGHV4S17*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|165494..165971|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctccgg
gatgtagatatgaagacatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tattcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaagggctggagtggattgggggtatctata
gtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccttgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgccagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542390|IGHV4S17*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|334..811|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagtacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tattcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtagtaact
ggtggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaagggctggagtggattgggggtatctata
gtaatagtgagagtaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccttgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaagtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437838|IGHV4S18*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..481|481 nt|1| | | | |481+0=481| | |
  atgaagcacctgtgggtcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggccctggactggtgaagc
cttcagagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttact
actactggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggggtatct
atagtagtagtgggaatacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaa
gagacacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacgg
ccgtgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaac
c
>MT542339|IGHV4S19*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..581|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
atgcagatatgacgatatgggaggttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctct
gctcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcaggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttccgagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatgg
ctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggcatatctttgg
tagtattgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaataga
cacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542340|IGHV4S19*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|517..993|477 nt|1| | | | |477+0=477| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
atgcagatatgacgatatgggaggttgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctct
gctcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagcc
ttccgagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctcaggtggctccatcagcagtggttatgg
ctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggaatatctttgg
tagtattgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacaga
cacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgt
gtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4S2*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|64839..65313|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggagactgtctctgatcccagggctcaccgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgcccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtgcctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacgtatctatggta
gtggtgggagcaccgactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaatagaca
cgtgcaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542341|IGHV4S21*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|218..692|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcactgtctctggtgcctccatcagtagttactggt
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagtagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggagggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542345|IGHV4S22*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..612|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcggttactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggcgtatcgatagta
gtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacacgt
ccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtatt
actgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542346|IGHV4S22*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|140..611|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggtagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccagctgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcggttactggt
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggcgtatcgatagta
gtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacacgt
ccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtatt
actgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542350|IGHV4S23*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|214..691|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctgtgatcccagggctcactgttggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtacagctgaaggagtcaggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtggttatg
gctggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgtgactatctata
gtagtacggggaacacctactacgacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacatccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542383|IGHV4S25*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|216..690|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcactgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggggtatcggtggtg
gtagtgggagcaccgaatacaacccctccctcaaaagtcgagtcaccatttcaagagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542398|IGHV4S25*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|141..615|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttctttctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctttgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatcggtggtg
gtagtgggagcaccgaatacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaagagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542395|IGHV4S26*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..582|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttctttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggaatatctatg
gtagtagtgcgagcaccaactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaaactgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542399|IGHV4S27*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..579|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactact
ggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatattggtggtg
gtagtgggagcaccgaatacaacccctccctcaaaagtcgagtcaccatttcaagagaca
cgtccaagaaccatttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagcgacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542400|IGHV4S28*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|117..585|469 nt|1| | | | |469+0=469|partial in 3'| |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggtagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactggt
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatcggtggta
gtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccgtgt
attactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagaca
>MT542401|IGHV4S28*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|552..1026|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggtagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggttactggt
ggggctggatccgccagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggtatatcggtggta
gtagtgggagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaacagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagcgacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542406|IGHV4S29*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|518..989|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcaag
gatccagacatgaaggtatgggagactgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggtctctt
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctctatcagcagttactggt
ggggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggcatatcagtagtg
gtggcagcaactaccttaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacacgt
ccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtatt
actgtgcgagacacacggtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542409|IGHV4S30*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|105..579|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcaag
gatccagacatgaaggtatgggagactgtctctgatcccaggactcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggttactccatcagcagtggttact
actggggctggatccgtcagcccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggcatatcagta
gtggtgggagcaactaccttaacccgtccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagaca
cgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgt
attactgtgcgagacacacagtgaggggaggtgggtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542422|IGHV4S31*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|219..696|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctgtgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcataggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggagtggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaaagggctggagtggattgggtatatctatg
gtagtagtgggagcaccaactacaacccgtccctcaagaatcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acgcgtccaagaaccagttttccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542428|IGHV4S32*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|117..588|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472|partial in 3'| |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccagggctggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttact
actggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacagatctatg
gtggtagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccgtttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggggatgagtgtgagcccagaca
>MT542429|IGHV4S32*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|216..693|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgatgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccagggctggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcggtggttatg
gctggagctggatccgccagcccccagggaagggactggagtggattggacagatctatg
gtggtagtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccgtttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtaagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>MT542388|IGHV4S35*01|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|218..689|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttccttctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtgtcttatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcagtaactact
ggagctggatccgccaggccccagggaagggactggagtggattgggtatatctatggta
gtggtagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccctgtcagtagacacgt
ccaagaaccagctctccctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacacggccgtgtatt
actgtgcgagagacacagtgaggggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV4S9*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|491589..492066|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggtagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtactgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctccatcagcgattactact
actggaactggatccgccaacccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggaatatctatg
gtaatagtgcgagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaagaaccagttcttcctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgagaggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>DQ437842|IGHV4S9*02|Macaca mulatta|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..478|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atgaagcacctgtggttcttcctcctcctggtggcagctcccagatgtgagtgtctcggg
gatgcagatatgacgatatgggaggctgtctctgatcccagggctcactgtgggtctctc
tgttcacaggggtcctgtcccaggtgcagctgcaggagtcgggcccaggactggtgaagc
cttcggagaccctgtccctcacctgcgctgtctctggtggctcctcaggcgattactact
actggaactggatccgccaacccccagggaaggggctggagtggattgggaatatcggtg
gtaatagtgcgagcacctactacaacccctccctcaagagtcgagtcaccatttcaaaag
acacgtccaacaaccagttcttcctgaagctgagctctgtgaccgccgcggacaccgccg
tgtattactgtgcgagagacacagtgagaggaggtgagtgtgagcccagacacaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV5-20*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1356126..1356598|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| | |
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcaccctcctactggctgttctccaaggtcagttctgccca
ggggttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggtgagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggagtctctgaagatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagctactggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccggaaaaggcctggagtggatgggggcgattgatcctag
tgattctgataccagatacaacccgtccttccaaggccaggtcaccatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccgcctacctgcagtggagcaggctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagacacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>NW_001121239|IGHV5-20*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|278650..279122|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| |rev-compl|
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcaccctcctactggctgtttctccaggtcagttctgccca
ggggttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggtgagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggagtctctgaagatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagctactggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccggaaaaggcctggagtggatgggggcgattgatcctag
tgattctgataccagatacagcccgtccttccaaggccaggtcaccatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccgcctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgcgcgaaagacacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV5-20*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1807336..1807808|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| | |
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcaccctcctactggctgttctccaaggtcagttctgccca
ggggttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggtgagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggagtctctgaagatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagctactggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatgggggcgattgatcctag
tgattctgataccagatacagcccgtccttccaaggccaggtcaccatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccgcctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggactcggactccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagacacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagcccatctaaaacc
>SBKD01000862|IGHV5-20*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|179449..179921|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| |rev-compl|
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcaccctcctactggctgttctccaaggtcagttctgccca
ggggttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggtgagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggagtctctgaagatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagctactggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatgggggcgattgatcctag
tgattctgataccagatacagcccgtccttccaaggccaggtcaccatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccgcctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagacacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagcccatctaaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV5-43*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1204849..1205321|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| | |
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcgccctcctcctggctgttctccaaggtcagtcctgccca
gggtttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggggagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggaatctctgaggatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagcagctggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatggggagcatctatcctgg
tgattctgataccagatacaacccgtccttccaaggccacgtcactatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccacctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagtcacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>NW_001122023|IGHV5-43*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|661840..662312|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| | |
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcgccctcctcctggctgttctccaaggtcagtcctgccca
gggtttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggggagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggagtctctgaagatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagcagctggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatggggagcatctatcctgg
tgattctgataccaaatacaacccgtccttccaaggccacgtcactatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccacctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagtcacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV5-43*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1654985..1655457|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| | |
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcgccctcctcctggctgttctccaaggtcagttctgccca
gggtttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggggagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggaatctctgaggatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagctactggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatggggatgatctatcctgg
tgattctgataccagatacagcccgtccttccaaggccaggtcaccatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccacctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagacacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>SBKD01001142|IGHV5-43*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|47608..48080|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| |rev-compl|
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcgccctcctcctggctgttctccaaggtcagtcctgccca
gggtttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggggagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctc
ccccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggcc
cggggagtctctgaggatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagcagctggat
cagctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatggggagcatctatcctgg
tgattctgataccagatacaacccgtccttccaaggccacgtcactatctcagccgacaa
gtccatcagcaccacctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgta
ttactgtgcgaaagtcacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>SBKD01011539|IGHV5-43*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|8315..8786|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| |rev-compl|
  atggggtcaactgccatcctcgccctcctcctggctgttctccaaggtcagtcctgcccg
ggtttgaggtcacagaaaagaatggggagaaaggagccccaattcaaattttgtatctcc
cccacaggagtctgtgccgaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggagcagaggtgaaaaggccc
ggggaatctctgaggatctcctgtaagacttctggatacagctttaccagctactggatc
agctgggtgcgccagatgcccgggaaaggcctggagtggatggggatgatctatcctggt
gattctgataccagatacagcccgtccttccaaggccaggtcaccatctcagccgacaag
tccatcagcaccgcctacctgcagtggagcagcctgaaggcctcggacaccgccacgtat
tactgtgcgaaagacacagtgagagaaaccagcactgagagcaccaaaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV6-1*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1587110..1587596|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
  atgtctgtctccttcctcatcgtcctccccgtgctgggcctcccatggggtcagtgtcag
ggcgatgccgtattcacagcagcattcacagagtgaggggtgtttaactttgctgtttcc
tttcgtctccaggtgtcctgtcacaggtgcagctgcaggagtcaggtccaggactggtga
agccctcacagaccctgtcactcacctgtgccatctccggggacagtgtctctagcaaca
gtgctacttggaactggatcaggcagtcgccatcgagaggccttgagtggctgggaagga
catactacaggtccaagtggtataatgattatgcacaatctgtgcaaaatcgaataagca
tcaacccagacacatccaagaaccagttctccctgcagctgaactctgtgacccccgagg
acatggccgtgtattactgtgcaagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>SBKD01000511|IGHV6-1*02|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|36144..36630|487 nt|1| | | | |487+0=487| | |
  atgtctgtctccttcctcatcgtcctccccgtgctgggcctcccatggggtcagtgtcag
ggcgatgccgtattcacagcagcattcacagagtgaggggtgtttaactttgctgtttcc
tttcgtctccaggtgtcctgtcacaggtgcagctgcaggagtcaggtccaggactggtga
agccctcacagaccctgtcactcacctgtgccatctccggggacagtgtctctagcaaca
gtgctacttggaactggatcaggcagtcgccatcgagaggccttgagtggctgggaagga
catactacaggtccaagtggtataatgattatgcacaatctgtgcaaaatcgaataacca
tcaacccagacacatccaagaaccagttctccctgcagctgaactctgtgacccccgagg
acatggccgtgtattactgtgcaagagacacagtgaggggaagtcagtgtgagcccagac
acaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV7-107*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|786506..786980|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcagggactcccc
agtcccagggttgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccattcccgttgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagccac
ctggggccacagtgaaggtttcctataaggcttctggttataccttcaccacctatggta
tgaattgggtatgacaggcccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatcatcacct
acactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggaca
cctctgtcagcacggcgtatcttcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggccgagt
attactgtgcgaattacacagtgtggaaactcacatccggagagtttcagaaacc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-107*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|834956..835430|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaaggactcccc
agtcctagggttgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccgttgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagccac
ctggggccacagtgaaggtttcctacaaggcttctggttatacccccaccacctatggta
tgaattgggtatgatagacccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatcatcacct
acactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggaca
cctctgtcagcacggcgtatcttcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgagt
attactgtgcgaattacacagtgtggaaactcacatcccgagagtttcagaaacc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV7-107*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|77335..77809|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcagggactcccc
agtcccagggttgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccgttgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagccac
ctggggccacagtgaaggtttcctacaaggcttctggttatacccccaccacctatggta
tgaattgggtatgatagacccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatcatcacct
acactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggaca
cctctgtcagcacggcgtatcttcagatcagcagcctgaaggctgaggacatggccgagt
attactgtgcgaattacacagtgtggaaactcacatcccgagagtttcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV7-114*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|736985..737460|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtaagggactcccc
agttcccaggctgagggagaaaccaggacagtcaactgaggcttcacacactcccatctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagcag
ccgggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggttacaccttcactagctatggt
atgaattgggtgcgacaggcccatggacaacggcttgagtggatgggatggatcaacacc
gacactgggaacccaacatatgcccagggcttcaaagaacgatttaccttctccatggac
acctctatcagcacggcatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcaagacacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgccagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-114*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|776600..777075|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtaagggactcccc
agtccccaggctgagggagaaaccaggacagtcaactgaggcttcacacactcccatctc
ctctccacaggcgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagcag
ccgggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcactagctattct
atgcattgggtgcgacaggcccatggacaacggcttgagtggatgggatggatcaacacc
gacactgggaacccaacatatgcccagggcttcaaagaacgatttaccttctccatggac
acctctatcagcacggcatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcaagacacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaagcc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV7-114*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|133812..134287|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtaagggactcccc
agttcccaggctgagggagaaaccaggacagtcaactgaggcttcacacactcccatctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagcag
ccgggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggatacaccttcactagctatggt
atgaattgggtgcgacaggcccatggacaacggcttgagtggatgggatggatcaacacc
gacactgggaacccaacatatgcccagggcttcaaagaacgatttaccttctccatggac
acctctatcagcacggcatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcaagacacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaagcc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV7-114*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|126815..127290|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtaagggactcccc
agtccccaggctgagggagaaaccaggacagtcaactgaggcttcacacactcccatctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctggggctgaggtgaagcag
ccgggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggttacaccttcactagctatggt
atgaattgggtgcgacaggcccatggacaacggcttgagtggatgggatggatcaacacc
gacactgggaacccaacatatgcccagggcttcaaagaacgatttaccttctccatggac
acctctatcagcatggcatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcgagacacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgccagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-128*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|639841..640313|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| | |
  atgcacaggacctacaggatcctattcttggtggcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccagggctgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcacacaatcctctctc
tccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcagcct
gtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcgaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggtatg
aattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacaccaac
actgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggacacc
tctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgcat
tactgtacgagagacgcagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>NW_001122023|IGHV7-128*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|111496..111969|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  atgcacaggacctacaggatcctattcttggtggcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccaggggtgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcgaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatgggaacaccaa
cactgtgaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggacac
ctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgca
ttactgtacgagagacgcagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>SBKD01000728|IGHV7-128*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|232200..232671|472 nt|1| | | | |472+0=472| |rev-compl|
  atgcacaggacctacaggatcctattcttggtggcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccaggggtgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcgaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtcctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatgggaacaccaac
actgtgacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtctctccatggacacctc
tgtcagcacagtgcaatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgcatt
actgtacgagagacgcagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-144*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|532137..532614|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctggagcatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaggggctcccc
agtccccgggctgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcatgtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcctggtgcagcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcggtgaaggtttcctataaggcttctggttataccttcaccacctatg
gtatgtattgggtatgacaggcccctggacaggggcttgagtgaatgggatggatcatca
cctacactggaagcccagcgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccacgg
acacctctgtcagcacggcgtatctgcagagcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggcca
tgcattactatatgagagacacaatgtggaaacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-166*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|302770..303247|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctagagcatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaggggctcccc
agtccccgggctgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcatgtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcctggtgcagcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcgatgaaggtcttctttaaggtttctggttacggcttcaccacctatg
gtatgtattgggtatgacaggcccctggacaggggcttgagtgaatgggatggatcatca
cctacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccatgg
acacctctgtcagcaccacatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacagccg
tgcattactatatgagagacacaatgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaagcc
>NW_001122023|IGHV7-166*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|487915..488392|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctagagcatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaggggctcccc
agtccccgggctgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcatgtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcctggtgcagcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaaga
agcctggggcctcgatgaaggtcttctttaaggtttctggttagagcttcaccacctatg
gtatgtattgggtatgacaggcccctggacaggggcttgagtgaatgggatggatcatca
cctacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccatgg
acacctctgtcagcaccacatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggccg
tgcattactatatgagagacacaatgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-166*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1332575..1333052|478 nt|1| | | | |478+0=478| | |
  atggactggacctagagcatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaggggctcccc
agtccccgggctgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcatgtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcctggtgcagcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaaga
agcctgggtcctcaatgaaggtcttctttaaggtttctggttatggcttcaccacctatg
gtatgtattgggtatgacaggcccctggacaggggcttgagtgaatgggatggatcatca
cctacactggaagcccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccacgg
acacctctgtcagcaccacatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacagccg
tgcattactatatgagagacacaatgtggaaacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>SBKD01001069|IGHV7-166*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|68696..69169|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggagcatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaggggctcccc
agtccccgggctgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcatgtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcctggtgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagaagc
ctgggtcctcgatgaaggtcttctttaaggtttctggttacggcttcaccacctatggta
tgtattgggtatgacaggcccctggacaggggcttgagtgaatgggatggatcatcacct
acactggaacccaacgtatgcccagcgcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccacggacac
ctctgtcagcaccacatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacagccgtgca
ttactatatgagagacacaatgtggaaacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>SBKD01011376|IGHV7-166*05|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|8114..8588|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| |rev-compl|
  atggactggacctggagcatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacaggtcaggggctcccc
agtccccgggctgaggaggaaaccaggccagtcatgtgagacttcacccactcctgtctc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcctggtgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagaagc
ctgggtcctcgatgaaggtcttctttaaggtttctggttacggcttcaccacctatggta
tgtattgggtatgacaggcccctggacaggggcttgagtgaatgggatggatcatcacct
acactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagcgcttcacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggaca
cctctgtcagcaccacatatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggccgtgc
attactatatgagagacacaatgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-193*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|79937..80412|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggacctcacctggagcatccttttcttggtggcagcagcaacatgtaaggggctccca
ggtcccagggcggaggcagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggttacagctccaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgcgacaggcccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
tacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacagaacggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgtacctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcgagatacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>NW_001121240|IGHV7-193*02|Macaca mulatta_17573|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|226830..227305|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| |rev-compl|
  atggacctcacctggagcatccttttcttggtggcagcagcaacatgtaaggggctccca
ggtcccagggcggaggcagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggttacagcttcaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgcgacaggcccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
tacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacagaacggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgtacctgcagatcagcagcctaaagggtgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcgagatacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-193*03|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1113318..1113793|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggacctcacctggagcatccttttcttggtggcagcagcaacatgtaaggggctccca
ggtcccagggcggaggcagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggttacagcttcaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgcgacaggcccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
tacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacagaacggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctatcagcacagtgtacctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcgaaatacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>SBKD01011504|IGHV7-193*04|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|F|L-PART1-to-V-RS|17906..18381|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggacctcacctggagcatccttttcttggtggcagcagcaacatgtaaggggctccca
ggtcccagggcggaggcagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccacaggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtctgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctggggcctcagtgaaggtctcctgcaaggcttctggttacagctccaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgcaacaggcccctggacagggccttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
tacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggcttcacagaacggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgtacctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
tattactgtgcgagatacacagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagtgtcagaaacc
>BK063715|IGHV7-66*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1097579..1098058|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  gtggactggacccacaggatcctcttcttggtgtcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccagggctgacagagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcccacaatcctgtgtc
ctctctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggcaaa
gcagcctgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccaccta
tggtatgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaa
caccaacactgggaacccaatatatgcccagggctaaacagaacggtttgtcttctccat
ggacacctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggc
cgtgcgttactgtaagagagacacagtgtgaaaacccacaacctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-66*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1552291..1552770|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  gtggactggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcgtcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtgccagggctgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccacaatcctgtgtc
ctctctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggcgaa
gcagcatgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccaccta
tggtatgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaa
caccaacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttatcttctccat
ggacacctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggc
cgtgcattactgtacgagagacacagtgtgaaaatccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-77*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1010296..1010771|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcatcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccagggctgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaggtacttctgcaaggcttctggttacggctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatggggtggatgaacacc
aacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttatcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagctcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
cgttactgtacgagagacacagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-77*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1022653..1023128|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  gtggacaggacccaaaggatcctcttcttggcatcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccagggctgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaggtacttctgcaaggcttctggttacggctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatggggtggatgaacacc
aacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttatcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagcgcatctgcagctcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
cgttactgtacgagagacacagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagactcagaagcc
>SBKD01000824|IGHV7-77*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|101469..101942|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcgtcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccagggctgacagagaaaccaggcagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtcc
tctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcagc
ctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggta
tgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacca
acactgggaacccaatgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggaca
cctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgc
gttactgtagagagacacagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-82*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|962507..962980|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggtgtcagcagcaaaagttaagtggcttccc
agtcccagggctgacagagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtttc
ctctccaccggtgtctactcccaggtgcagcttgtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggtttactgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtcagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatgggaacaccaa
cactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatggtttgtcttctccatggacac
ctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgca
ttactgtacgagagacacagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-87*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|919845..920320|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccaggggtcacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacatc
aacactgggaacccaatgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatgatttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacggcgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggccgtg
cattactgtatgagagccatagtgtggaaacccatatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-87*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|974711..975186|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcatcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccaggggtgacagagaaaccaggccagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacatc
aacactgggaacccaatgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatgatttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacggcgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacatggccgtg
cattactgtatgagagccatagtgtggaaacccatatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>BK063715|IGHV7-94*01|Macaca mulatta_AG07107|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|856232..856707|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcgtcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agttccagggctgacagagaaaccaggacagtcaagtgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacatc
aacactgggaacccaatgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgtacctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
cattactgtatgagagccatagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7-94*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|911540..912015|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atgcacacgacctacaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccaggggtgacagagaaaccaggccggtcaagcgagacttcccgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcaaggcttctggttacacctttaccacctatggt
atgaattggctgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
aaccctgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
cattactgtacgagagacacagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>SBKD01011378|IGHV7-94*03|Macaca mulatta_RUp15|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|7825..8297|473 nt|1| | | | |473+0=473| |rev-compl|
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttgggtcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccca
gtcccagggctgacagagaaaccaggcagtcaagtgagacttccgcaatcctgtgtcctc
tccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcagcct
gtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggtatg
aattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacatcaac
actgggaacccaatgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggacacc
tctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgcat
tactgtatgagagccatagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>DQ437850|IGHV7-94*04|Macaca mulatta|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1..476|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcgtcagcagcaacagttaaggggctgccc
agtctgaggactgagagagatatcaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccacccccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaaaggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacatc
aacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
cattactgtatgagagacgcagtgtggaaacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7S10*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|135222..135695|474 nt|1| | | | |474+0=474| | |
  gtggacaggacccacaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacagttaaggggctgccc
agtccgaggactgagagagatatcaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccacccccaggtgcagctggtgcagtgggcctgaggcgaagcagcc
tgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggtat
gaattggctgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacatcaa
cactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatggtttgtcttctccatggacac
ctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctcaggacacggccgtgca
ttactgtacgagagacacagtgtggaaacccatatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>NW_001122023|IGHV7S6*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|460525..460999|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  gtggacaggacctacaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacagttaaggggctgccc
agtccgaggactgagagagatatcaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggcgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
aaccctgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcacctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgc
attactgtatgagagacgcagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7S6*02|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|1480685..1481160|476 nt|1| | | | |476+0=476| | |
  atgcacaggacctacaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaacagttaaggggctgccc
agtccgaggactgagagagatatcaggccagtcaagtgagacttcacgcaatcctgtgtc
ctctccaccgatgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggcgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatggt
atgaattcggtgagaccggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatgggatggatgaacacc
aaccctgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggatggtttgtcttctccatggac
acctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtg
cattactgtatgagagacgcagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>NW_001122023|IGHV7S8*01|Macaca mulatta_17573|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|562248..562727|480 nt|1| | | | |480+0=480| | |
  gtggactggacccacaggatcctcttcttggcgtcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtgccagggctgacagagaaaccagggcagtcaagtgagacttcccacaatcctgtgtc
ctctctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggcgaa
gcagcctgtggcctcagtgaaggtcttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccaccta
tggtatgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatggggtggatgaa
caccaacactgggaacccaacgtatgcccagggctaaacaggacggtttgtcttctccat
ggacacctctgtcagcacagcgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggc
tgtgcattactgtacgagagacgcagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
>IMGT000099|IGHV7S9*01|Macaca mulatta_rheMacS_CGG.01|P|L-PART1-to-V-RS|233665..234139|475 nt|1| | | | |475+0=475| | |
  gtggacaggacctacaggatcctcttcttggtggcagcagcaaaagttaaggggctcccc
agtcccagggctgagagagaaacaaagctagtcaagtgagacttcacacaatcctctctc
ctctccaccggtgcccactcccaggtgcagctggtgcagtttgggcctgaggtgaagcag
cctgtggcctcagtgaaggttttctgcaaggcttctggttacagctttaccacctatgat
atgaattgggtgagacaggtccctggagaagggcttgagtggatggatggatgaacacca
acactgggaacccaatatatgcccagggctaaacaggatggtttgtcttctccatggaca
cctctgtcagcacagtgcatctgcagatcagcagcctaaaggctgaggacacggccgtgc
gttactgtacgagagacacagtgtggacacccacatcctgagagagtcagaagcc
